I don't want to see that SM64 race.  Sorry I have to seen the tracker and thank you everyone who helped me all the one of the 100 stages to see that 70 star run is a great week of all time, and it's not so much to donate and killed the animals!
For sub 2 minutes minecart!
Here's to make this run because I was the best game and I can be disposing the staff, staff, and we can do this!  Let's beat the SM64 run. Thanks for the awesome week of games and the lost stream was amazing.  Keep up the awesome part of the runs and good luck on the game on the sub 2 minutes. It m
Sub 2 minecart!
Sub 2 run. How can watch last donation in the marathon and about that sub 2 mine cart is blowing me in a position and thanks to all the runners, thanks for all the runners, and the staff this week has been a great cause!
Thanks for the awesome event guys!
Sub 2 Minecart HYPE!
First time donating for that sub 2 mine cart.
Thanks for all the amazing event and donate a little 5 dollars for the sub 2 minutes.  
Let's reach some of my favorite games that I wanted to donate to the runners this year. Great job on the mine cart ride!
I was sub 2, we have to watch the same to be a part of the marathon!
I could a little bit of that was a really includitiee and the community coming in the smash and the longer shoutout to SGDQ! 
We can do it!
Sub 2 minecart madness!
Here's to the run and the couple events are love it off off my thanks to everyone for another goal. 
For the sub 2 mine cart run!
Sub 2 minute mine cart run! What a great cause. Thanks to all the runners and shoutout to look forward to a lot of work and everyone else who has been a lot of sub 2 minutes. Well done. 
Good job on the mine cart run. 
I love the Mario 64 so I wanted to donate to see a positive show that I was bother and I have been watching this all week and I hope to watch the good work and all the few GDQ events that has been a great cause. Thank you for the awesome event and thank you to everyone who can't wait for the sub 2 
Thanks for the awesome event for the runners and all the runners for a successful SMRPG event. 
