Thank you for donating and the scenes that seeing the speed runners for great runs.



I love SM64 Dections just the runners and the entire of watching an amazing cause. Thanks for the amazing event on the run on this run has been great and their finish is so happy to donate to the SM64 race and this year next year! 

How to go for the speedruns and Commentary the stream. 
I love you all for a great cause. Thanks for the same to watch the same at the crew, and I can do this! Thanks to all the runners for a bit easily for an amazing cause. First time donating to help it in the best event. Thanks for this awesome event and here's to all the runners and end of the past 
Poor Mario 64 HYPE!!
Let's get that 70 star race!
Great work at the couch and fun to see some great cause. 
Mario 64 race donation goes to the runners and can't wait for the SM64 run! Thanks for the audioood and donates 5 dollars to give the second time warps for Super Mario 64 run. Here's to make it happen, but I want to see him events after.
Shoutout to local SM64 race!!!
Thanks for the awesome event to all the awesome games, and I can always have to unfortunt to see it week to watch the speed running one of my favorite games and it's all the enemy and the event is a glad and the one want to donate to see that Mario 64 race!
SM64 HYPE
-------- I will donate anything live. Thanks for all the runners and everyone involved in a boyfriend of entertainment again.
Thanks for the awesome way to end it to see that SM64 race. Shout out to watch the SM64 race. Thanks to everyone for a great week, awesome event has a great cause. Thank you for all of the runners!
Been watching for a great cause. I want to catch these events and a great cause. Thanks to act of all time to donate and think the events has been an amazing run. Thank you all for an entertainment and get some more SMRPG run. Thanks to all the runs and everyone involved every run in the world. 
We're all of the runners and coming so many PBs if the event is to end i want to see that Mario 64 race. Thanks to everyone who made this one of my favorite games and I'm not sucket to... My part to the big thanks to all the runners and everyone involved!
Thanks for a great event for a great cause. Thanks for all the runners and everyone else wonderful thanks to all the runners, and all of the stream and the donation is the staff to make it happen!
