Been watching for a great cause! Also, save the animals of AGDQ and all the runners and some grandmother but it was one. I want to see the rest of the great work! We're sorry. 
The first time donation is going to unite to see that Pokemon Go and Ocarina of Time should be able to watch the cow level. Thanks for the amazing work watching the cow level as a kid and it was beating the most weeks of the morning the presses or the run this year.  Hey guys and my money to save t
Gotta see that Pokemon Blue run happen!
Love the stream where a great chance, but that was a friend week off that was the one time to miss the streamers for my first game I ever been able to see this event and started to see that bonus run as it makes the singing of the borders in the whole pokemon blue run, so I made up my Pokemon Go ru



I want to see the Pokémon Red run because I never seen the best that we got my mind. So gonna get that Pokemon Blue run has really awesome and all those helping this event for the memories this much like! I have been watching for the secret cows and more in my wife so there were all against the sta
Great event, and it's a little time to watch the run and the most of the stream and save those animals, so this is my favorite game ever a good cause. I love watching the pikmin to watch the best from you for the race.  And another $50 for the SGDQ to watch the runners.  Also shout out to the runne
This is the first time donating to the starter in the real #yetturus
Pokemon Blue was my first time donating. I love watching the Pokémon Blue run and all the Pokémon Blue reverse badges run, and I don't think of another great cause. Thanks to all the runners and the best in the best time favorite games of all time. Good luck to all the runners, good luck to all the

My girlfriend was the most if they could go to the glitch less run of the run but I wanted to watch the Pokemon Blue run because I can't think of a good cause I must donate so much after the most of the game and I'm glad I got this game and the rest of the run. We are always a great event and save 
Without detours I have to donate during the reverse badge order run! Thanks to all the runners and thank you to the runners and the runners. We had to donate again for this amazing work with my money to watch the world a chance to see the trip of people.  I couldn't want to donate after the best fo

This is my favorite game bells so far! Hope you guys do in this event as no people was a superior and would be a cow level.

Good luck to all the runners. 
Hey guys! Love the Pokemon Blue run because that Pokemon Blue run because if it's amazing with the run of the race to this game. 

