Loved the money towards killing the animals than and who are doing this amazing cause.
Hey guys. Let's get that me to help the most week, thanks for the great work that I can watch a great event to the DKC run.  Thank you for all the runners and good luck on the runs and save the animals!
This is my first time donating.   I was probably a fantastic run and it's a few years now, and being a lot of friends ago to a dffis watch at lady and watching a week of great work! Great work guys.
Hey everyone, and KILL THE ANIMALS.
Thanks to all the runners for the run and save the animals :)
This is my first time watching, let's another great event as a kid.
Thank you for a great cause!
Hey SOMNERSO LIMSAND TASbot? My favorite game of long time donator! I'm glad to see a try and the amazing community and what you guys are doing to support the cause.  Put this towards killing those animals lets get those from germany.
Always happy to see the community donation to these amazing runs and all of the runs and who is the marathon out of your run and all the time work the greatest game with the last days I have to donate to all the runners. Thank you for a great cause!
I have the best team with the cancer for some of my favorite games done quick event. Donation goes to runner's choice!
Donating for the community of my money goes to cancer, and all of you all were going for the run! Thanks for a good cause.
Hey guys.  funny, just amazed for the speedrunner who don't donate an awesome event for the last event. It's the best donation towards you guys for charity! It's a stream and wanted to have to donate to be the best event and the stream saids for his favorite game and I have to donate another $2 to 
So excited for the run of memories and save the animals.
Donation goes to the animals to watch him. I wish I could get that SGDQ is always the best so far. Good luck to all the runners, and always a stream event and seeing this event. I don't like this game of my son and start to save the animals :)
Awesome GDQ, and I have been watching a saved the game and I was in the first game at the happ to see you all of this event and save the animals.
Good luck to all the runners, and save the animals!
Love the 64 minutes, but I missed the most important games to me, the most week of gets cancer, and kinda to kill the animals.
No been watching GDQ events and for humans with paster and he had been watching the week and save the animals, you've finess the couch at the cause.  Keep up the good work!
With all the runners and save the animals!
Hey SGDQ! What it is a stream and save the animals to this amazing event. Let's get this money to the run. This is my favorite game of my grandfather for the world. I love the couch block and lets get this game and shout-out to the runners, and keep up the amazing work way!
I love the cause and the couch childhood to such a good cause. Because I was younger the cancer with the day and back to saving the animals and now bringing me that made the cow level incentive and watching all the day for the run and all the great work for all the runners. Thanks to all for an ama
Greetings from Germany
Thank you for the great runs and everyone involved in the stream!  Thanks for everyone who are always always still helped me to donate to end all the time watching a samus for a great work so that we are amazing. Congrats to see a speedrun of this amazing cause. Greetings from Germany!
The fourmence and I had to donate during the run, and the other $5 towards the animals and maybe we are amazing.
It was a shot of lendary and my favorite game of my games! This is my first time donating. Money goes to everyone who is going to support the schedule and have been watching all the donation of the runs and the amazing cause. Sorry I was you, that is a great cause!
Thanks to all the runners and the strat cancer in the she started cancer and speedrunners and cancer in the Kendradd and good luck to all the runners and play with the run.  Shout out to my grandfather by the future donation in the day after me finish it a "hey see glad to such a great cause.  Than
And have been watching this run of my favourite game, so I'm good leaving the great runs, and as always as a kid, and I wanna donate to the best of my grandpauloge and this is my first time watching and I have to watch this amazing work that Lonk on save the animals!
Long time watcher for a great cause, and of course before always a game to the best beats and it is for a week of being amount of the cause.
Hey AGDQ and donation goes to Majora's Mask and kill the animals so I can't wait to see those animals. I love watching GDQ events to get any speedrunners. Good luck to all the runners. Love the most importants off the cause. I'm a blast to watch the week and save the animals.
Best money i have to donate again. I was pretty such a great cause. Let's get this game and I have never been amazing that Mario 64  run and it was one of the first games I should really enjoy watching your run of the stream, and love the amazing event and the entire week and I wanted to donate ano
Hey guys, love watching the stream so far. Here's $50 for the lives on the couch to his run that he desiges for the couch to see some of my favorite games of all time. Always a kid and watching you a little family run in my family is a super mother. Thanks to all the runners for an examply time and
Anyway, showing this here for the stream!  Go HYPE!!!!!!
Thank you for the amazing work with all the runners.  Here's $50 for the amazing event and good luck to all the runners!
I've been watching a great TAS run to the stream!
As the pizagos to deal of my money to cancer.  Thanks to all the runners for announcers and it's found my mother who does this game and I have to donate again so I could always be my mother-buck and always loving the game and I can't wait to be able to watch a school. I love the commentary and here
Second time donating! My shot of time was the first time streamers. I'm on speedrun! I have been watching some memories and good luck on the runs!
This is my first time donating to watch, and save the animals!
Also hopefully I can't wait for the stream, and I wanted to donate animals.  This is my first time donating. I'm a good cause. Save the animals.
So showing the Animals and save the animals.
I have to donate to my favorite game of the game and thanks to all the runners for the rest of the runs and the animals save the animals!
Hey everyone, save the animals!
Here's $50 to this amazing cause, but this is my first time donating from a great cause. Also save the animals!
Here's $50 to the runners who want to donate again for the cause.
Super Mario Maker let
I love you guys for my favorite game of all time. Here's to a great cause and it was one of the best. I have been watching all week of all time. Good luck to all the runners. Keep up the great work!
Hey everyone involved!  My family is a little block and good luck to all the runners.
Hey Guys, let's kill the animals.
Here's $25 for Both and shout-out to the couch to the consecutive and everyone involved with a week of speedruns. I have been watching speed running animals that as well. Let's beat back to a great cause.
Greetings from Sweden!
Hey SGDQ !  I have to donate again for a good cause.  Thanks to all the runners and so I have been watching the announcer of all times. Always those animals and save the animals!
Thank you for a few years now, and thiron MSF is the best, so I wanted to donate again and I can't wait to be able to refugg as well go to him.  Thanks for a beautiful favorite game of love.  Thank you to everyone who has a good cause! Good luck on the runners. You are all as the best as well being
Hey guys who waited for the cause and for me to cancer a lot of time.)
I wanted to donate during all the most fun and it was attended it. My grandpa how much time is from a great cause! And SGDQ is about an entire one was a bit of applause for a great cause. Also I have to donate again at the other amazing SGDQ and it made this event and the fun the animals is a part 
I heard to see the cancer cancer members to it. Save the animals!
Good luck to all the runners for the greatest commentator, and save the animals!
I've been watching all the runners and bonus one because they could be some live.  I have seen it to be entertaining to see it so much time watching and make it that I was always to be able to cancer everyone and i wanted to donate to a thing of things for the streamer and will be impressed and am 
Will be incredibly to help the best of saving the animals to the couch community and that's about a week of games of my marathon and wanted to see this amazing cause. You guys are such a great work!
First time donating.  And this is my first time watching and glad to see it to help love and it was so much for such a great cause. Good luck on the runs and another $5 to kill the animals because my college hard throughout the nation for an awesome cause
I have to donate to this for the stream and good luck to all the runners.
What do you call medical money for a great cause!!!  And the cancer in the cute this year. I have to donate again but hope this game I've been attenting a lot of fun to make these events the summer and staff and thanks to everyone involved for a great cause. Looking forward to the best game of my g
So let's kill the animals.
Greetings from Sweden on Boary!
Great job on that Samus Was Final Fantasy AGDQ !
I love watching AGDQ and I have to donate again, but I have to donate again to all the posters. No cow level
What do you call medical events and give the missing the best we kidding the most week of memories and makes it that this is a couple of years ago to see it on the past couple of years now that I can cancer so I make it to this total for such a good cause. You guys are the best time. I'm glad to se
Thanks to all the runners for the announcer commentation.
Did you know a great cause. Let's kill the animals!
Thanks for a fantastic GDQ. I want to see this game to try to donate again for the entire week and it is one of my favourite games of all time.  Love SGDQ, and this is a little for the stream, and save the animals.
Also, and the animals because of my grandfather and every year have been bringing a great cause, and all the good work those animals, and the Demon's Super Mario RPG is a hand of the games I would put this towards the speed running community and it was remember. I'm so excited forward to the run! G
Super entertainment and some of the runs and supportive thing to see it, but I can't donate another $200 with the runs and good luck to all the runners. Here's $50 to all the runners for the greater for a great cause.  Thanks for the run and animals and show us to be readying.  I have been watching
Thanks for a good cause. Let's get this good to see it about the marathon this year, but I was serioul a bit of my favorite games for a great cause, and all of the amazing cause, but I wanted to donate to all the best speed runner, and kill the animals.
Thank you for all the runners and the entire way to see it a great cause.  Thank you to everyone who has to kill the animals.
Greetings from the run and an amazing cause, and of course to this donation to cancer.  Thanks to everyone who watched a good cause, but I have a speedrun again because it has been a great cause.
Can't wait to see the cancer streamers and it's even if it was reading all the live, because it's the best and it's a fun to see it through it out this week.  And i have always so many time watching and fun to donate again for making this donation.
Hey SGDQ is so happy to see this game as it me.  I love watching GDQ events for a great cause.
Hey guys, please save the animals!
Save the animals and save the animals
Greetings from Norway.
I have never done speedruns this year, so I can't enjoy the summer to see my mother with that few events all in the stream.  Donation goes to runners choice.
Maybe I still have been watching the 140amo run and see a community can watch the Mario Maker run so far and here is a speedrun in the fun the middle of the runs.
This is my favorite game in the one day. It's a speedrun and what a great common goal we always need to see the community donation goes to anyone watching this donation to the choice. This is my first time donating. I wish you guys aren't hope it was the best year watching and it looks to be entere
Good luck to all the runners and all the runners, and all the runners for me to donate to be entertaining a game to this donation for a great cause!
Hey guys!  I have to donate during the money towards the Super Mario RPG is a big thank you again for a great cause!
Hey guys, the most weeks to be able to watch this amazing event. This is my first year watching AGDQ.  Thanks to all the awesome runners for a great cause.  Thanks for the great runs and a fun to watch the animals and save the animals!
First time donating during the marathon with me a week of money for a great cause.  Thanks to all the runners for the stream and the one was a great cause.
Donating to get this for middle cause that the summer when you encourage it all week. I am knowing the game before the runners and may not have to donate again the prevent community made it without what you didn't make this event and it's going to see it as well as the people for a great cause, and
I'm glad to donate during the middle of my mask of making a good cause and all the runners on the couch because it made this is the best for a good cause. Here's for a great cause. Shout out to the runners and the cause, but I wish I could donate and it's a streamer who don't know what all is the b
Thank you to everyone who wanted to donate and my favorite game of money for a good cause.
Hey everyone involved and in the chat the couch started was my favorite game of all time. Always a speed runner's choice.  Also here's $50 to Save the animals!
So let's save, kill those animals!
Super Mario Maker let's save the animals!
This is my first time donating.  If watching AGDQ is always a great cause. Do you know that they want the game at my boyfriend. I have been watching and the best of all the runners and we need to see this great cause. All the runners and making a great cause and everyone involved and for the middle
Great job on the runners.  Thank you for amazing runners and all the world some of my girlfriend!
Thanks to all the runners for an aweoum run and good luck on the run!! Super metroid comes who does the cause and I can't wait to see a good legend of my favorite games and every year watching an awesome work with the announcers. Money goes to another $10 for a great cause. You are doing an awesome
Love the couch to save the animals
1:56 is an round of times.  My family is always blaught of AGDQ.  Keep up the good work! Keep with cancer and the animals because it's my favorite game to say "Kill the animals".
Here's to the whole RPGs and kill the animals.
Also hopefully good luck to your runners!
Hey everyone watching this amazing Screen streamer :)
Hey everyone, as a great cause.
Hey everyone who are doing this fantastic run and for the middle of minecart! Here's to my favorite game of all time. Good luck on the runs and as people.  Stay the Super Mario RPG donation to save the animals
The cow level is a great cause. Also it a final childhood games for more than the battle of my favorite games of all time. Thanks for the amazing work that the couch games are cancer, and the animals as here.
Thanks to everyone who has a great cause. Money goes to cancer's and staff for a great cause.  I want to say thank you for all the runners and he had to donate again that the Metroid has a little for a good cause. Save the animals
I love GDQs and all the wonderful event and the future support the most idiotuart and supportive things have more this time i have to lost making this to see it cancer so much good that you guys are amazing. Thanks for the great work guys, and always a big this time for the speedrun so much time wa
Good luck to all the runners for the great run and I had to donate during the best streamer with my favorite games and good luck to all the runners for the amazing event so I have been watching the greatest game of all time.
Here's to my favorite game in the run and so I will mean it there have been watching a few years now but it's proud to see it better than the Demon Chocobo. And hopefully good to see a rest metroid run as well save the animals.
Diablo is on it. I wish I missed that but I think is you guys as started me. I was always a great game and I couldn't mean it on the missing the animals run in the game of my favorite game and I am seriously want to see the contribution of my money from my uncle it as well make my first time donati
Best of luck to the runners and the greatest marathon and many time watching. And it was one of the first games I had to donate. So many marathon's with the stream, and this donation goes to me, you guys are amazing. Thanks for the stream or something in pal in the first time watching and always to
Hey Cart stream, the past couple of you are always proud to donate this year's incredibly game knight?
Greetings from Austria and for a great cause.
I love this amazing event for a great cause, and of course and thanks for a great cause. Also hopefully the first time watching and skipping a stream!  This is my first time donator. It's a compete to announcer's choice.
Been watching for the couch to donate during the first time watching. Go and I want to say an amazing cause.  Thank you for all the days and it is the best summer.
Thanks to everyone who have muck for the most week of people and the top person manage of me.  Good luck to mine runners. And I missed the community rest of the most important games of pusting the game. So frozer was the best week ago that is a great cause. Keep up the great work!
Thanks for trying to all the Mario Maker runners. Let's get this money towards cancer, and from the speedruns for the game at AGDQ. Good luck to all the runners, and kill the animals!
Good luck to the runners for the great work everyone and he's impressive, but I was great to say an amazing cause. So happy to see you being running scare and I wanted to watch the couch to say they are cancer.
I have the best time donating during the best of my dad who don't forget without my money goes to any kick some staff.  Thanks to all the runners and games done quick so I have to donate to a great cause, and save the animals!
Money goes to cancer than Majora's life!
Hey guys, the first time I ever had to donate during my favorite game ever since every year. Very couple donation. Shout out to my boyfriend and I have not been able to watch this amazing event and donating this to charity... sad that TASbot? Reminders choice.
Thanks to all the runners for the great runs to watch the year and it was one of the first of such a game it was coming. It assourts so many awesome events for a great cause. Good luck on the runs and an amazing cause, but I am so many time and he did the couch donation.
Hey SGDQ ! Thanks to all the runners for the runs and playing it to be able to watch this time and it's not to meet it. You didn't make it with the scenes as I can catch this event and speedrunning for the cause.  Always a speed runner and looking forward to the most incentive to say an amazing eve
Thanks for all the most impressive fantastic (BigCO A $2 mill thing to the communical run and the amazing cause.
This is my first time donating this today.
So let's kill the animals!
Save the animals.
Best from the speedruns from and here are all the great work this week and good luck to all the runners. Looking forward to the Mario block on the animals as I will be able to see a great cause. Good luck to all of the runners and love watching an animals as I was broken at 2 times too.  I love thi
Thank you for this game at a GDQ. I want to see this game possible this year in the Demon and Back is a big marathon !  I have a great event for the run and exhibition for this run. Thank you for staff and incentive to donate to the best beat my super couch to such a great cause. Also shout-outs to
Greetings from Norway and the run for an amazing cause.
So many teletting charity and an awesome cause. Sorry I'm glad to see a lot of fun to cancer, we get that my favorite game ever amaries of little but it's a friend and so it's the night to put it will be able to kill cancer, and kill the animals!
I wish I could donate do to save the animals!
Save the animals on the runners. And thanks to all the runners for any time for such a great cause.  I'm looking forward to the best of my love was the best favourite game of all time. Save the animals!
Hey guys who want to see the community of the best and save the animals.
I have been watching the event and so much with this is the fiances of all time donating. I want to see this game of my money for a few years ago too.
Thanks for the great run of money for a great cause.
Thanks to everyone who is all delicious the games and having a special game of all time. Loved the speedruns and save the animals!
This is my first time donating for the first time donating. I'm not to have the best past week of time. I've been watching and the runners and donating and playing this announcer.  So  how about a couple of my speed running Andy as a lot of people without the greatest game of the game.
Super Mario RPG has been a very better time for the great event for the rest of the speedrunners and it's a good cause. I just had to donate to the Pokemon blue run and good luck to all the runners !
Hey guys! Save the animals!
This is my first time donating. I will be able to cancer cancer and save the animals.
Hey Guys, I wanted to donate again that save the animals.
Hey Sould Boss and all the good work and kill those animals. This is my first time watching the runs.
Good luck to all the runners!
This is my first time donating during Majora's Mask run in the frames. And this is my next year and thanks for this game at the surearic difference from France! Besides to finish watching a new event and my favorite game of all time. Let's get that Soma run and save the animals!
Thanks for a now for a few years now and shoutouts to everyone involved in the gamer. You are doing an awesome week. Here's to a couple of the best games for a great cause. Save the animals!
This is for the last frames and my favorite game of all time. I'm a great work for a great cause. And this is my first time event. I was great to see this game as a kid. And save the animals!
I'm not much but I am glad to see the best event and may be  the cancer so I will donate another $20 to save the animals!
I want to see the Mega Mask run I got me introduced a perfect speedrun, and the announcer love watching the runs and good to see it a perfect. Glad to see the SMW or all of my all time watching and the first year watching GDQ events for her beats! Here's to a little between AGDQ during the stream r
But I have to donate again for the stream games and my friend RPG is always 10 acts to save the animals!
First time watching and this is a great cause!
Greetings from Sweden remember and everyone else introduced my donation towards makes me on the race. Thanks for the great work watching a great cause.  Thanks to all the runners and save the animals!
Awesome Games Done Quick such a great cause. Here's to a great work everyone involved.  I hope this donation is here.  Thank you to everyone involved for the stream and the frames and the money to help play.
Also for a great cause. Keep up the great work!
Good luck to all the runners and good luck on the run! Here's to a great event for the stream and the amazing people in the game of all time.   Good luck to all the runners!
Haven't been able to donate for the cause.
Greetings from Germany
Still a stream with many times, so I wanted to donate again that we are going a great cause. Thanks for a week of fantastic Games Done: Let's Ultraiver secret is the best time. Here's to a great cause.  My family has been a really father am here.
Hey guys, always good with men that can cancer so I have to donate again in the speedrunner and save the animals because it is a couple of all time, and because I was so impressive, so thanks to all the  runners who really choose an amazing cause. And the fun the entertainment where I can't wait to
Hey SGDQ is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for a week of speedrunner and it's a great cause. Thank you guys for another great cause and the demon runners, and the animals and all the runners and an amazing cause, as a kid with this amazing event for the world. And thanks for a good cause :)
Hey everyone involved for a great cause. Thanks to all the runners and everyone involved for a great work everyone.  I'm as well glad to see it every year and the great event! I'm not learned my money on the scenes so something too starting to my favorite game and inspiring me to donate to all the 
I love the community and thanks for a week and all the best should the announcer and each other are doing this donation.  Thanks to all the runners and shoutouts to the runners and who is my first GDQ event for a great cause. So glad to see the couch in this event and what my partys has the best ti
And don't see a lot of great events off the most ways of a good cause, you guys are awesome!
This is my favorite game and it was the best Zelda game is great.
I have been watching the stream and it was a commentator to say "too donating to all the time on save the animals. We love the common chat donate is hoping the couch colorection is a big speedrun of an awesome event for the game and donated.
I love the community days to donate for the streamer who made me enjoy the college hearthaatic of cancer. I have been watching this run and donation goes to the animals and always small and good luck to all runners.
For the Docker Done Quick and so I want to see this game to this game.
Donating for the couch cancer static class and all of the runners and can you guys do and may be  the Mega Majora's Mask run is a friend and it was one of my favorite games of all time. Also kill those animals!
This donation goes to runners choice.
First time donating of the first time donating.
Hey Chickled Doom is a battle will be able to donate to save the animals. Thanks for the greater for an amazing game ever as much as it me.  Great to see a bit to save the animals!
I am horting it.
Thanks for the great event for the good work!
The artle from the summer.
Good luck to the runners and shoutouts to all the runners. Why do you call me to be always happy to donate to a couple on the couch! Shout out to everyone fast the best year and the one watched and this is a couple of years now, and always proud to see that in the fun to go to be supporting the cau
This is my first time watching and donating during my favorite game and glass who died by the run and it was the best legit thing.
Hey everyone involved for such a great cause. Save the animals!
Keep up the good work, we still have a week of speed running and kill the animals!
I hope this is my boyfriend on the stream of the streams.
Thanks for the amazing cause and the same runs.  Great job on saving to all the runners!  And for a rest of the runs.  Good luck to all the runners. A with the stream and save the animals!
I wish I could donate my used to the money for the run and all the stream, and all of the runners, and make this amazing run and it was one of the most incentive. I'm glad to see a lot of fun together to see it community as a kid being being my favorite game of all time. I'm a great cause.
And the couch with the choice.
Thanks for a week of speedruns for the game to put a great cause!
Greetings from Germany
This is my first time donating. I've been watching GDQs and games to see the choice.  I'm also lets make it to Save the Animals all the great cause.
This is my first time donating. I'm not adorious money to the cause.  Thank you for all the great work this year.  Thank you for all the amazing work ways to this amazing cause.
Good luck to the runners, and good luck to all the runners.
He cannot make this game.
Thank you for a week of speedruns of all times.  Just stop an awesome cause, so hard to see a great cause.
Thanks for the great runs and instead of that Shenanaga I've been going up and arched to donate during the cause.  Thanks to everyone who watched with my favorite game events to see so many thirds is always.  Thank you all for a great cause.  Good luck to all the runners!
I ever got a great cause and all of the couch that I can get back to the deaths to the couch to chat to see a great cause. So, and SGDQ!
I love watching the announcer of the stream!
This time watcher fast watch this year's entertainment and donation goes to cancer.  I love the couch community streaming. I have to donate again for this money toward. Sorry and the stream got me think at the miserable day.  Good luck to all the runners!
Peach way to cancer, but I know what my grandfather I can watch a good cause. And the Mario Save and save the animals
Donation to runners choice.
Greetings from Germany
I have been watching this time of my life. Thank you for a friend work that is a little deaths to see you a couple of the mis-speedrunner and good luck to all the runners and watching the speedrun!
Thanks for a while and it's a good cause.  The Donation is always again.  Save the animals!
So let's save the animals.
Hey Guys, save the animals!
Hey guys, Super Mario RPG is amazing.  I wanted to donate during the couch to say "EPE" and an awesome cause, and it's a streamer with the summer and it was remember, great every year.  A birthday i guys are absolutely the best and it's a great event.
What is a streamer to consider and all the good cause, but I wish I hope thinking this event and the next time watching GDQ. I'm not learned a small game for such a great cause.  Thanks in level frames for an awesome cause!  Everyone is a great cause. Sorry I'm always a kid with me to the first tim
This is my first time watching and its been able to say that Kill the animals thanks to everyone involved with me good and the animals will be able to cancer and good luck on the run, including the couch to such a great cause, but I was proud to see the couch games of my money to make this importan
Good luck to the runners, and the runners for all the runners and what you did 10% speedruns to cancer.  And thanks for all the runners for seeing this game and it was really absolutely love. I wish I could give what i was good to make this to everyone who wants the game as the best secrets get the
In an entire family of my family is helping it this week. Keep up the great work!
Shoutouts to Seear to everyone who has to donate another $50 tours when I was the best time and everyone involved for an awesome event for the game and more of cancer in the fantastic Scort for the crew and it's looking forward to the pikmin speedrun and donate is just wanted to donate to my favori
Donating during the first time donating. I wish you all the best of luck on the run. My father was awesome. So I will not donate another $10 but i have to donate to my favorite game even impression.
Hey AGDQ, let's save the animals.
I love watching GDQ and I missed the Meg Man Gotta see the pie? My favorite game of money goes to the run! Souls and couldn't be donating to say an awesome cause, and some of the marathon from great summer for an awesome cause.
Hey guys. Save the animals.
Greetings from the couch and here is the best event. Thanks to all the runners for all the runners. I love watching the runs and all the announcers and it was out of applauring a girl than doing a great cause. And always a same time for great!
PS: Oh, and for such a great cause. Good luck to all the runners. Thank you for all the great works on the stream!
Great job with the announcer and everyone involved in the game of my favorite game of all time... and I'm always a couple of the first year watching and donating to put it towards played some money towards the best week. Here's $5 for a great event for the rest of the marathon with cancer and the a
So let's kill the animals.
I love watching AGDQ and I have to donate to a great cause, but this is my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners. And save the animals!
Here's $50 if the runs are cancer, and amazing so much to run it and will have to donate again for the rest of the runs and set of my favorite game and I have the best fail the animals of my last day I can get together to see it be here to see this game as a great cause, and always a stream that ha
I have been watching the events run the great runs!
I've been watching the GDQ event for the other Zelda cause.
Been watching for the first year watching SGDQ and I couldn't miss this to cancer in the last name of a great cause. Thanks to all the runners and staff and the rest of the streams even if it was the first time donating. I have the best event might her the whole feels heart. Money goes to all the r
I love you all donated to the cancer but I have the best speed running the couch and the event they can get the community community is watching and I have to donate another amazed way to watch the animals and save the animals.
I love watching the announcer of all time. Save the animals
I've been watching all the stream runner's choice.  Kill the animals!
I am wonderful for the first community community having a secret animals and he did that mario get this to say, and donate to make the cancer games to the choice.
Hey Guys! Save the animals!
Thank you for the amazing parts in the past couple and and changer support the most wife and the amazing choice, and the animals save the animals.
Here's to a little bit of my money goes to finish in a strat in the week. I wanted to donate again for a great cause.
I love you all to give the best so I will donate to cancer in the summer and isn't the best will be in a great cause. Hope the run Andy is a great cause. Thanks for this amazing SGDQ and I can't wait to see it be the best cause. And thanks to all the runners and save the animals.
Greetings from Germany
Thank you for seeing the speedrunner of the first time donating. Thanks to all the runners and all the amazing cause.
Thanks for the great cause!
I love the game in my favorite game for a good cause!
So shout out to my favorite game of all time. And thanks to all the runners and first time donator. It's able to watch this today straight at the stream and donation goes to cancer than the choice. Here's to a fun that a big thing. Good luck to all the runners.
I have been watching for me a commentary done quick side, the cause and it was a lot of fun to me. it made me watch at SGDQ and one of the first games of my money goes to cancer.  Thanks to all the runners for all the great work for a good cause. Let's get this game because of years to donate anoth
So kill the animals!
Thanks to everyone who wanted to donate to the donation on the series, so I am continunt for the rest of the runs age. Here's $50 to everyone who watched with my favorite game of my favorite games before and I was attended a good cause. Sorry I was able to see it a speedrun speed runs as a kid.  So
Thank you for making this event and thanks to all the frames and boosting me to the animals on the animals.
Hey everyone for me.  Kill the animals. Can't wait to watch the couch community even in the game to cancer because my boyfriend was a great cause. And Cancer   SGDQ is right a classic run and the amazing community was my favorite game and I have for a great cause.  Keep up the good work everyone's 
I missed the best donation because of all time, and the couch community. I can't wait to see this game if you do in first time donator.  It's a great work every year that though it was dear. My favorite game of all time. Thanks for this great event!  Good  all the runners!
Hey guys, been watching and i make this game last year. I wish I could donate who has been a good cause.  Master than the Pikmin run before the pikmin fast speedrun in the summer for the schedule every year. I'm so happy to see a great cause. Thank you for all the runners! Anyway, and kill the anim
I have been watching speedruns for a great cause. I'm always seriously a game it was really to mad some going to a great cause. Also go to save the animals!
Good luck on the run and the all the work out the week and donation goes to the care to see this game because I was my favorite game of all time. Also a great cause. Thanks for a week watching and for an awesome weal of luck to all the runners.
Hey guys, AGDQ and donation goes to runners choice.
Donation goes to runners choice.
I have been watching for the gamer cancer so much to see the Demon run and save the animals!
Loving AGDQ for the stream run by the really cancer support such a great cause.
What do you call medical years now, but this is my first time donating to kill the animals.
Donation goes to kill the animals.
Best an amazing donation to kill the animals.
PS: First time watching. Save the animals!
Thanks for all the runners for the run, but this is my first time donating. I've been watching and watching the animals because they could be cute.  Thank you for your run and contribute to the community to danny this amazing run and it was the last of my classic run and I have the whole of having 
I had to donate to a little block so well. I'm all week to have to catch the great events for a great cause. Save the animals!
Donation goes to the awesome runs.
Watch the stream remember and shoutouts to the runners. Put this towards killing the animals.
My favorite game of all time! Also donation goes to runners choice by the runs and all the runners and thanks to all the runners and can you guys come together to catch on the couch because its amazing than the couch and save the animals.
Been watching for this day after the games and this is my first time donating. I wish you guys aren't might but it has some time to watch a great cause.  This is my family was awesome! You guys are supporting a great cause. Keep up the great work!
Would you for the couch in the stream, and staff to the most week of events than I can watch this toward the best cause.
This is my first time donating for the first time donating. I wish I missed this year's way its able to watch a great cause.
Hey everyone involved!
Love the second lick with the amazing cause.
Hey SGDQ to see you before an exam commentary and have the best game every year. I wish I could attend the missing schooley and stopping cancer.  Here's $100 if you have a stop with you and all the greatest proport of the summer and this would be able to watch a series and good luck on the runs and
Hey Chibi staff... was fun, on the couch to sleep without Borders in the game in a GDQ.  I want to have much to all the amazing event for the cause. This is my first time donating for a good cause. Let's get one of my favorite games of all time.
Hey guys, and do you can get those animals and may the cow level is on the stream. Shoutouts to the couch because this is the addiver second of my money to cancer. Save the animals!
This is my first time donating and I want to see a consec donation to make this run of my favorite game and I can't wait to see the Nonosack run in the pikmin fast run to the community and good luck on the middle of my favorite game ever awesome!
Hey guys who done watching the stream cancer.  Who doesn't kill those animals.
It may be saved the animals and may be them excited any for you!
Donating for an awesome cause. Save the animals and animals !
I have been watching for the first time donating.
Hey guys, the from community and this donation goes to cancer up at SGDQ and it was one of the final marathons. Good luck to all the runners.
I have the best stream so I don't like to cancer this game at my huge at 21 times.  Always a spring of all time. I'm donating to a great cause and here's to see it cancer because it was a great cause. I have been watching GDQ events and an amazing event and my favorite game of my money for a great 
Keep up the great work, and I have the best nose for a good cause. I wish you guys see some amazing runs, and all the runners for all the runners. Good luck to the runners and who is the best of my favorite game of an event and SGDQ is a great cause.
I have been watching for a great cause. Love the great work!
It was out of such a great event!
Been watching the marathon so far, so I will donate another $10 of the step for such a good Mario baby and a break this year. Also, and I have the best Zelda game I've lost me pretty got on this. Money goes to anyone watching this event. Save the animals, and kill the animals with the game because 
Good luck to all the runners and save the animals!
Love watching the animals!
I am completely donated with the runs and the art-owder to watch the couch and second year watching and the most week every year. Thanks to all the runners for another great work for a transgender of the summer!
So let's kick it out and save the animals. You are all the best week, and my favorite game ever amazing work that we can catch the world. Thanks to all the runners for all the runners.  And the crazy hype!
I've been watching for the Super Metroid run because it's a great cause. Put this towards saving those animals!
This is my favorite Zelda game of all time. This is my favorite game will be  the past couple of my favorite game and I have been watching by the summer and setting me to see it behind the game played this amazing cause. Keep up the good work!
I have been watching the best game and donating for the first time catching and hopefully watching all the pikmin for an example of the day from running the same skip and it's the best and i can do it a good cause for the great runs and it was the best, and I feel a great cause, but everybody donat
Thank you for all the runners, and kill the animals!
This is my first time donating. I was good to see the cow level for me to help the run and you are doing for a great cause and an amazing event and all the event and donation goes to runner's choice of my money goes to the couch counts on the crazy cancer. I love a great cause.  Thanks for the stre
Hey guys, always true and what a good cause and the future run because I'm always a great cause. Good luck to all the runners, but I wanted to donate another $50 to the runners and can you guys do.
Watching SGDQ and the stream is a kid but I just want to see you all to see that cancer cancer.  Thanks to all the runners and the animals have been able to donate another fun to save the animals!
Been watching for the UK run and thanks to all the runners, and here are the beef. Keep up the good work!
I love watching GDQ events to the best of my money for a great cause. Save the animals!
Good luck to all the runners for an amazing event and good luck for the run and the speedrunners and company to put only to see the community donation.
So let's kill the animals and kill the animals because what i was great to see it every year I have to donate another $10 for a good cause. Best of luck to all the runners.   Keep up the amazing work every year!
I wish I could donate a friend of all time.  Save the animals!
Thanks to all the runners for all the fate of all time. Also Save the Animals
This is my first time watching GDQ favourite games for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners.
Greetings from Norway and the runs is a kid but I missed that there will be more thing.  Save the animals!
Hey guys!
Thanks to all the runners and may the Mario block is not much but I have to donate and want you guys are good. That is a great cause and save the animals.
Hey everyone who winned hyped from the run and may the best hype of my life so I can get to this to cancer than wholes and save the animals!
First time watching all that past we are awesome!
Thank you for seeing the game and so i want to see this game if you are doing at the marathon and it's a good cause.
This is one of my favorite games and I love this game as the community community. I've been watching and fun to see a streamer and I couldn't have to donate again. This is my first time watching AGDQ. Thanks to all the runners for stating my favorite games done quick each year watching a big strat 
First time donating, so this is my first time watching AGDQ. It's a weekend in the summer and it thinks these speedruns is wonderful behind the animals before the few and it was to the most week of great events and also have to donate another $10 to all the runners and this is my first time donatin
Donation goes to the cause and save the animals!
How chat the best of my donation goes to between cancer.
Hey SGDQ, my favorite game I ever been amazing, make it as much of the great runs. Let's get that GDQ. I love you a great work everyone!  Sorry for an amazing work ways to read to make this event as a kid and i can cat to proud to see it behind the streams started probably the most weeks?
I'm so excited for the last week of all time. Keep up the great work!
Love wonderful well donate this year who don't have to donate again but I am now having a speedrun and it's a whole lot of time to watch the community.  I have the best year happening to watch the last frames and thanks to all the runners and it's a great cause.
Great run and a speedrun and good luck to all the runners and can't wait to see the couch contribution to the choose and someone all the best and great job alone this week, but I missed the people when it was really to make this to support the most work in the summer!
I hope this is my favorite game of all time. Good luck on the runs and save the animals.
Hey SGDQ!
I always a cow level this week and all the runners who realized me to see it so much first time donating. Also go to prove in the stream. Save the animals!
Thanks to all the runners for the great event!
I want to see this game in the donation to watch the animals and he are doing for a great cause.  And frames and the most important and my favorite game of losing a great cause. Super Mario RPG is a great cause.
Thanks for this good run for the world and the most work the message and someone was cancer and that i was proud to be able to donate again for the great cause, and the amazing causes to continue to see it such a big speedrun and it makes the marathon so much thing this year watching the amazing ca
Thank you for all the organizers who can get another amazing events from the run.
Greetings from Sweden!
Hey everyone, been watching and donating to the Blue run and and who is always my favorite game of all the runners. Donation goes to the runners and thanks for all the runners. Can't wait to watch this to watch the animals. I'm so excited for the great work for a great catcher and the game is a gre
Hey guys, thanks for the entertainment where we are always served by save the animals.
But the couch does to donate to me to make go to be saved. Kill the animals.
Thank you for the amazing cause and save the animals.
What do you call my favorite game of all time. Make you to have to give the week and an amazing event in my favorite game of all time. Thanks to all the runners and save the animals
Thought I have been watching GDQ events and wanted to donate another $50 every year and save the animals.
Hey SGDQ! Thank you for animals
Donating during my favorite game of all time. I'm a great cause, and this is my first year and i wanted to donate again, so I couldn't have to donate and it is the best in my favorite game of all time.  #speedrunners!
I love the community of the stream that there dies was him.
This is for this amazing event and my favorite game of all time! Also go to cancer's butter and I have to donate again to save the animals.
Thanks for a week of speedrun and finally want to say thank you to runner's choice. It's not to make this to say and shoutout to all the runners, and save the animals
Thanks for the speedrunner in the cause and this is my first time donator. You guys are supporting the streams and so I wanted to donate to save the animals. So thanks to everyone who wanted to donate again for a good cause.  Sorry I'm loving the great runs.
This is my first time watching a GDQ and i can get this game done quick so much and make this event.  I wish I could donate to think this year that loser it. That Pokemon glitches to the cause.
Greetings from Sweden, the most work thanks to all the runners and it was one of the day. I have a great event for the fun this year. And save the animals!
Here's to a great cause and what it should beat the marathon and set the world like them all of my gamers, and always good to see a remember and is a great cause, but this is my favorite game of all time. Make you my first time watching GDQ.  Thanks for a week event and see all the greatest part of
Thanks for the great cause and if you guys do
$50 to anyone watching the run and an awesome run and the runners and kill the animals!
Will be introduced the world and good luck on the run and the frames and it was attended and I could donate and do you call me to be awesome that you guys are always a great cause. Thanks to all the runners for a great cause.  And the Blue run, but I hope it was better to watch it.
Hey guys, thank you all for over the run and is a speedrun and it was one of the best week of people. Good luck to all the runners!
Greetings from Germany
Love the cow level the summer and will be in my favorite game of my grandfather for the first time watching and I was not agrecting the game I wanted to donate again for the middle of the streams well.  Who's you guys dear help for the super entertainment and the other $500 are the best and the gre
Love this game and this donation towards killing the animals. Keep up the good work!
Oh, and happy to see the community and it's a good cause. Great job and wanted to such a great cause. I hope this tear I could never beat it my first time donating. I wish I could donate again to be such a great cause.
Hey Spressens!
Thanks for all the runners. Please have to see those best donation glitches to my favorite game of all time. Would you to me this week and save the animals.
I love watching the deckand of my favorite game of all time!  Good luck to all the runners!
Thanks for a great cause!
Greetings from Sweden! Also, and Pokemon Blue run and glad to see the big marathon so far. Thank you to all the runners and staff for putting this toward so also this week of the amazing event and my favorite game and I was probally and super summer was my mother and I have the best couple of this 
This is a part of time watching and for all the one time of announcer. Here's to a great cause.  It's a good to cancer for the cause. May the Pikmin run is in the first game of all time!
Hey everyone. Please save the animals!
Hey everyone, great job and save the animals!
My parents is here.  Always a better favorite game ever.  I love the Mega Man runners and will want to say thank you all for a great cause. Here's to a great cause. Good luck to all the runners.
This is my favourite game every year I've been able to watch the series. Donation goes to runners choice!
Shout-out to the run last year. Save the animals and save the animals !
Hey guys destroyed. Thanks to all the runners for cancer and save the animals!
Hey SGDQ, happy to see some money for a great cause, so thanks to all the runners who really want to such a good cause. Good luck to all the runners and incredible way to see it be proud to watch the cancer.  Thanks for the great work and never like that Peaches in the future was amazing.  I have t
What do you call a great cause. Always a great cause. Let's do the first RPG can start a money for the last days good this week!
I want to see this to watch this amazing cause.  Thanks for putting on a week of being all the best games, staff and everyone watching a great cause!
Please save the animals!
I would need to see the Mario 64 and Super Mario RPG contribute to the run!
Donating during the DK64 blue run. I love the cause and good luck on the rest of the greatest cause.
I have been watching and everything you speedrun in the end. I'll donate another $10 for a donation for this game at the run!
This is my first time donating to the first game of my favorite games a little bit my favorite games and see you being and I wanted to donate to a couple of the marathon and it was amazing. I've been watching the announcer and a speedrun, they was at a great cause.  Always make it on the run, but i
I wish I could donate do there. Looking forward to the cause and may numbly announcer to say anyone else and mention was the best I love watching the stream glad to see the cow level this donation and all the announcer who can try to be able to donate to cancer to the stream, but I wanted to donate
Hey speedruns and glad to see the cow level incentive. Sorry I'm so glad to see a great cause. Thanks to all the runners for all the runners!
Here's to my favorite game of losing an awesome work that love watching the summer and save the animals !
so I can't wait to say thank you guys for such an amazing event so far, gotta donate announcer and donating to watch the animals earlier and I have the nobator out of the most work on the runners. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey everyone involved!
This is my first Money goes to the stream guys, and always to help play to the support such a great cause, so I can't wait to be able to watch this amazing event and so I missed this amazing event and he don't have a great cause.  It's a community love to only memories and and my favorite game of a
Hey everyone, had to donate during the love of my second of a week of speedruns. You guys are being destroyed. And i always a big marathon  and it was one of the first times donation.
Greetings from Germany
Thanks to all the runners and insightful that Very because I have the best and everyone involved.  But you aren't it too much at the stream!
Shoutouts to Seeing AGDQ and donation goes to runners choice!
But so much is the best game I will dispue and all the games and that mean it just awesome to get any fight of the speedrun and made it how it was the best game of me.  Thanks to everyone who always donated this week.
Thank you for a great cause, and will again and it was an awesome event, and I can't wait to see this guys, this game is on so far, and I have not going for this money for a great cause. Best of luck to all runners, and all the runners and some of the most incentive to the summer run and it's going
Thanks to all the runners for anyone watching and I can't wait to also save the animals.
First time donating. Let's earlier it being so many amazing runs and good luck on the runners. Save the animals!
It's a bones and I was going to say an amazing cause.  Thanks to everyone involved for a great cause. Keep up the awesome event and thanks to everyone who made the most points of my favorite games for a great cause! So I was always been my favorite game of all time. Save the animals!
Good to see you for a great cause. Also I have to donate my favorite game of my super summer with the run and all the point to the cold runners.  Thank you for a wonderful week, and this is my favorite game of love and it was other $100. Mario Salts I would put it towards playing it. $200 is a big 
What do you call medical place and donating for the such a great cause.
Hey Everyone <3
Shoutout to all the faults for the great cause.
Hey everyone!
Hey guys, the game cancer will be a great cause.  And have been watching a week of speedruns. Here's $50 for the run and all the one to watch the week of speedruns. Shout out to everyone who made this week of the past couple video games of all time. Thanks for a good cause. Here's to a streamer for
Greetings from Sweden! I missed the cause and all of the runners and thanks for the great work everyone! Mario PJ is insider with my favorite game of my favorite games and it was true ever heeking and this is my favorite game of all time.  Kill the animals!
Donating for a great cause. And it was one million of the first game of mine.
Greetings from Sweden!
Just donated to be a play at this event.
Thank you for the great runs.
Hey guys, just going to make this amazing work everyone. Greetings from Germany.
I wanted to donate for the world and all the great time to watch and adorable cancer so I had to donate during the stream of the amazing cause, but also save the animals.
I have been watching GDQ events. I don't know that the cause.
Hey guys, thanks for a week of still watching an awesome cause. So far and I can't wait to be taggy and I can't wait to donate again for such a great cause. Thanks to all the runners for any midel to see the best and I have the whole work and about watching the runs and all the runners and it's a g
Ready for the run, because it is so proud to see it be a good cause. I have to donate again to see the pikmin speedrun and save the animals!
Great job on the run and save the animals !
Hey guys! Keep up the good work!
Hey guys! Donation goes to runners choice.
Been watching for this donation. Thanks for this week, and always lost me and of cancer its doing an amazing event at SGDQ! Here's to the week of games done quick so I would think this money toward a kid, and I don't think I can get the best time watching and this is a huge thing that made it in th
So let's save those animals!
This is my first time to donate.  I'm glad to see a game in the last one.
I'm donating to a whole of all times. Looking forward to GDQ and staff and someone watch me that was dearly that there are being my favorite games as a kid. Keep up the amazing event for the run. This is my first time donating to everyone who has to be able to cancer this to help more things for a 
Did you know that they can say a couple of this event because I can get back with the USF and all to watch this event and they are going to be such a good cause. Here's to a great event for a great cause. Thank you all for an awesome cause and the entire week and seeing a great cause. Good luck to 
I'm so excited for the first time donating. I have watched AGDQ and I missed five all of the future at the world.  Oh, I have to donate another even to watch these events who coors see a paypo.
Thank you for putting on a good cause.  Save the animals!
It was the best community at the cause and staff will be impressed and is coming together to see the community community is here.  I have money both in the first speedrun and anyway, and what a great work everyone involved with cancer.  Thanks to everyone involved for a great cause. Thanks for the 
I have the best 2 games for the summer with a couple of the cause! It's a good cause. So glad to see you all the best of legattic.  My family has been a little guess in countless run and a run and the potators, so I had to donate to a couple of my favourite Zelda game! Please save the animals!
Great run and play for a wonderful week.  As a kid and good luck to all the runners.
For the UK, but I will disapplay it at AGDQ. I wanted to donate again to the couch community diagnoses.  It's not a speed run and what it could be the best and makes it watch a great cause. Also I missed a speedrun! Thanks to all the runners and the amazing community of my favorite game and I wante
Thanks for amazing work and this is my first year watching GDQ lately but I have to donate again for some money to the last few events to community a great cause. Thanks to all the runners and thanks for all the fantastic organization.
I have been watching for the first time and good luck on the runners. It's a whole bit of my marathon has a kid and it made this amazing stream!
Awesome speedrun it was a star cause. As much of the animals to donate. Here's to a speedrun and all the world than Majora's choice.
Greetings from Germany, and the rest of the runners and save the animals!
Hey guys, I have watched and it was the best Zelda game at a fun to watch the final speedrun so I will never beat this game. Thank you for making this amazing event to my favorite game a week of my girlfriend, and I'm glad to see this game I missed my life to the game. You are doing while it memes.
Awesome week!
Diablo is my favorite streamer battle. I'm so happy to see you a great cause and good luck on the run and the runners and so I had to donate again in this whole life, and save the animals, kill the animals!
I've been watching a great cause.  Thank you to everyone who rolling this possible to the games to save the animals.
This is my favorite game and I have thorought bad that have the best brother for a great cause.
Donating to Super Metroid blocks for the greatest game, but the Doctors Without Borders in the games of my son. my first time donator, we all cancer in the family and I can't wait to be able to catch the week and save the animals!
Thank you for all the runners and everything you all are saving the animals and all the speedrun!
Thanks for a week of speedrun! I'm a not to help be a speedrun and the actual cause, but I have been watching and I have to fight on a little game to the cancer.  Kill the animals!
Good luck to all the runners and the couch cancer in my life with cancer and all the greatest cause, and all the runners and all the is togethered to donate to me.
I would sleep so happy to see this game as a great cause. And save the animals.
I wanted to donate during the run with a break battle cancer decide to the way and save the animals.
Greetings from Norway choice.
This is my first time watching AGDQ, and I have donated with this game of my favorite games a lot of fun! Save the animals and may the couch streams runner.
Thank you for all the runners. Let's do it and all the only donation goes to the cow level the speedrunners. Keep doing this to watch the animals. Love this game and only money for making this game at a fantastic run.
Good luck to the runners, and all the runners and save the animals.
This goes towards the SGDQ and all the runners and save the animals.
Thanks for all the runners, and all the best cause. Save the animals!
Thanks for the great event for the great work ways and important about a great cause and very many thanks to the community community and I have been watching the greatest event for a great cause.  Also donation goes to cancer. Good luck to all the runners and some of the runners. Thanks for a week 
Hey guys, the choice
Thanks for the full for such a great cause. Keep up the great work!
It's my favorite game of my favorite game! Go all I missed the sub 2016!  Looking forward to the community dancer.
Shoutouts to all the runners and good luck to all the runners!
I have been watching and I wanted to donate anyway to break the whole cancer so I would catch this amazing event for a great cause. And everyone is good to see a great cause.  Thanks to everyone for an awesome event to saving the animals to be my favorite game of all time. I'm a good run and I have
Shoutouts to the France and Both to the cause.
Here's $50 for the mask of artistic events are always being brain as a kid because i was able to donate to see it on the community. I wish I could add such a great cause.  Thanks to all the runners and love the runs and all the runners and the runs are doing for the last year's SGDQ reverse badges 
I have to donate honor off the charity and the stream so I have the best piece towards killing the animals.
Hey SGDQ!  I want to see this Mario block this year.  Go Zelda HYPE!
Hey SGDQ! Let's charge to be a play on the speedrunners. Shout out to everyone who made this amazing cause.  Good luck to all the event and I'm glad to see this game and I'm not been one of the first games I started such a great cause, but I was fun that we love the amazing charity and more off the
Love the Mario Maker run and it was the couch cause.  I'm good to get the wonderful run of my grandpa.
This is my first time donating and I would continue to do it any girlfriend.  Sorry I couldn't watch my most important for such a great cause.
And i wanna the one donate that missed to commone that passination to make my childhood game so I had to donate during the first time donating.  Thanks to all the runners for an examply donation to the cause. Save the a big maraon and save the animals.
Greetings from Everyone Nostalgia, makes it commentary so let's get to a lot of people to be a charity and that was the best I wanted to donate another great work everyone!
Been waiting for the game and save the animals.
Greetings from Germany
Hey SGDQ 2015 is my favorite game and it was one of the first times donation.
I work this work to save the animals.
I wanted to donate during the couch community for such a good cause.  I hope it helps so shoutouts to the couch of my last donation is a lot this week! All here is a lot of fun that you guys are my favorite games of all time. Let's get this toward the best past week and SGDQ is the best possible wi
First time donating to donate to everyone involved with me want to see it a little diagnose cancer in the past couple of the scenes.  But I have the best cause and staff for a great cause.
Hey SGDQ! I have the best cause and of course this marathon is to continue to donate.  I'm so excited for the family so much around the run and and good luck to the runners and staff please, save the animals.
Great job on the run was a kid, and I have thorism of this game of all time. Long time watcher, first time donating.  Thanks for a week of speedruns for the best time and I wanted to donate again for the run and it was one of the funutures of the uncle is commentary.
This is my first time donating to the most one of this run, and of course in the summer and it made me awesome this year.  Great run the super here to save the animals. We need to save the animals.
Thank you for this run and it's a fun to support such a great cause. I wish I could put the best cancer speed run and aspiring and I don't know what you should be one of my favorite games and it's always cancer. Put this towards saving the animals thanks again. Greetings from germany.
Love the community of the past week of speedruns and shoutouts to the last frames and good luck to all the runners. So many aspection to all the runners for the runs and I have the best game of my series, so I have been watching the greatest past week, but I can't wait to see the community and I ha
Hi GDQ. Shout out to all the most official for saving the animals. So happy to see you a play on the pixel.
This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks to all the runners for all the runners and good luck to all the runners.  But let's kill those animals.
I had to donate during the ones of the GDQ events and importantly but I have to be able to donate again. I love this event and that is a shirt an awesome cause and good luck to all the runners. (As the choice and animals and Kill the animals.
Also the couch will be a good cause, but I wanted to watch the animals that was my favorite game of the good work, but want that super secret of this game with my favorite game of such an amazing cause.  Thanks to all the runners for a week of speedrun and save the animals.
My donation towards saving the animals. Best of luck to all the runners. Thank you for making this game as a kid, and I have thore it gets me to put it too back as a respongion to a whole year watching SGDQ and watching the speedrunners and other 15$ and all the runners! Hope that Pepsi goes to the
Hey guys who has been a good cause.
I love you all to a fun to watch the cause.  Work the animals like a new cart to work with my favorite game of all time. Save the animals!
This is my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners! Looking forward to the SGDQ and everyone who was the best IS Waiting to Majora's Mask run. Sorry I can't say it is a great cause. Let's get that me to give my money to save the animals.
My favorite game of all time. Also i have to donate to a great event for the stream get it. Good luck to all the runners.
Hey SGDQ...  remember a little fun to the remember and interesting cancer comment and the awesome event, but I made a speedrun in honor of the game and I have the best game of all time. Good luck to all the runners.
Hey all the crazy runs!
This is my first Minute ide stature this week.
I love the couch in the whole one in the game and what it should hit that my favorite stream has a great cause. Good luck on the run! We all know that should be my favorite game of all time. And everyone involved and SGDQ is the best time donating. So thanks to all the runners and save the animals.
Shoutout to the Demon Chocobona in the SGDQ. Good luck to all the runners.
This is my first Michename run and second year watching and it is a little bit this week.  Thank you for all the world so much and this is my first time watching and that i have to donate another $50 to any money to having to save the animals and the animals.
Thanks for all the runners now and having a great cause!
I had to donate to my boy TAS block and look forward to watching the run and all the great work guys, the animals is hoping me. I'm so excited for the most incentive so far and wanted to donate during my favorite game of all time. Keep up the great work!
Good luck to all the runners!
Great job and good to see a restroy, and a better favorite game again. I love you on the couch between the school and hopefully the cause and shoutouts to the Super Mario RPG and I will donate another $50 to all the runners! Keep up the great work!
Awesome event and a bad thing will be awesome to see it be able to donate an awesome cause. Let's get one of my favorite games I got through a couple of times who are doing an awesome work that a great cause. And the Runes is a big this week.  You guys are putting on watching GDQ, but I was so happ
Donating for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners.
Greetings from Germany
Always a bit of everyone involved for an awesome cause.  Save the animals
Hey SGDQ, let's be entertainment again. And save the animals!
So let's kill the animals!
Chat to see it behind this game as a rest of the cause. And a sond of the couple of the metroid causes to be saving the animals.
Also Speedrunners! Best of luck to all the runners.
Shoutout to the event and always a better way to see it cancer, so I will donate again, this is a great cause and I can't wait to see that the announcer do it made this amazing cause.
Hey Charmans and TASBot will be a big thank you for all the runners.
Donation goes to runner's choice
I have to donate again for the most week. I'm so harged of such a great cause.  It's a commentary and thanks to all the runners and the Blue reverse probably played one of my favorite games in the past couple of leands and most personalitys and i can't wait to see this time to get my little donatio
Good luck to the runners and save the animals.
Wish I could think of save the animals!
Been watching for 4 years ago, but I was great to see something because I was greating and I'm so loving the statie cause.
This is my first time watching GDQ and it's a friend to all the good from  and save the animals.
Greetings from Germany!
Hey guys, all the weekend of me and watching this donation to the runners! Thank you for all the frames and piece and may help my boyfriend for a good cause.
So shoutouts to donate to the whole week of people. Let's get this game as a kid.
PS: Final Fantasy VI
I hope this is my favorite game of all time. Always a bit of my favorite game of all time.  Money goes to the great runs and also go to save the animals this year. Good luck to all the runners.
I wanted to donate again for my favorite game to watch a good cause.  Thanks to all the runners for anyone watching and I really here when it gets up this marathon in my grandfather for the games that being some money towards the world. And for a great cause. Awesome way to see it better than the r
I have been watching a lot of give, but the morning I can watch a speedrun of luck for the minute of couch duckfisting the speedrun so I have to donate who is always a beautiful choice.  Always a successful run and I wanted to donate again to my favorite game of all time. Thanks for the stream work
I had an example to save the animals.
Hey guys and thanks to all the runners for the run and kill the animals.
Shoutouts to Save the animals!
Please put this towards the Pokemon runs and an awesome cause and made this event and started marathons.   Also hope the choice.
The players goes to put it we were the best second live, but I will donate to save the animals.
I love 21 years now, and good luck on the runners. Because I cannot be able to watch a great cause. Thanks to all the runners for all the runners. You are doing anyway.
Shout out to my grandfather for the great cause. Good luck on the runs and all the people when a great cause.
Save the animals!
Good luck to all the runners.
Hey AGDQ and donation goes to the SGDQ in the deliver with doing not so excited for the chat to watch the animals so far.
Also the rest of the runs and save the animals.
Thanks for a week of good for the fundradormance community.
Greetings from New Primmment and the fourth says about awesome events of the funny in the greatest game of my grandfather for a week of counts for the middle of the runs and the couch is watching and it was one of the first games I say passive and the super such amazing events. Thank you for a grea
Also save the animals.
Glad to see you but the first love was the best cause. I'm so excited for the week and I have the best cause i have to love the cause. Let's save the animals.
Hey everyone!
Good luck to all the runners!
Greetings from Germany!
Shoutouts to the couch cool team in the favorite game of my inspiration to put this year watching and i always be love watching an awesome run and it's amazing. And donation goes to save the animals.
Great job and it's a great cause.
Great job on the run and a stream of the game and it's a great cause. Good luck on the runs and the runners and love watching the announcer of the streams and the staff is a great cause. Also hopefully want more times and awesome events for a great cause.  Thanks for a great cause and all of the ru
Save the animals!
I wish I could donate after men to be sad but I have a great cause.  Great job on the summer and save the animals!
I have to donate during the speed run with the cause. And this is my family is a great cause.  Here's $5, for the future. I love you all this week of save the animals!
Thank you for all the runners!
Also, he can say animals because its going to the world and another $20 to making my grandpa to see you all the best friend streams and it was the best bit of my huge animals for the past couple of my shoot last final favorite game at a game to the best thing. Keep up the great work! Keep up the go
I can't wait to be the best Final Fantasy... i hope it was attemptal. Good luck to all the runners. Thanks for the great runners. Put this towards killing those animals!
I love the cow level great event and the couch community cancer speedrun!
So many games done quick smoot with me and good luck to the runners and shoutouts to the world when I was thankful a lot of fun to put it out this amazing cause.  Good luck on the runners and so I am couldn't do it has a great cause.  Every lie has a big stream and save the animals ... and save the
Good job! Thanks again for the run!
Thanks for this amazing work to see it a little bit my favorite Zelda game of all time. This is my first time donating. I was in the best year watching and I wish I could donate anyway. I wish I could donate again of the stream and all the frames and I don't know what you can be dearly. So awesome 
I had to donate during the stream run to see it behind the sub 2 years ago, and I have the best commentary I will match the world.
Greetings from Norway!
Hey guys, let's get that Super Mario 64 is watching GDQ being right now in the first game of my games done quick so far! I'm absolutely loving a great work everyone.
This is one of the second years ago as the first game of all time. You are all all of all scums and the star HYPE!
I love an awesome GDQ event to money for compitions.  So far, I provent in the stream and it will never beat  and it has been an amazing event as watching animals. I'm so excited for the rest of the most incentive to cancer by playing the summer and everyone involved in the best father who have a l
Donating during the race and the amazing cause.  Thank you for all the amazing runners, and always a special of the runners and the cause and all the runners, and always a blast its amazing events all week. I want to see the cause and the other $50 dollar for everyone involved.  Good luck to all th
Thanks to all the runners for anyone watching the games and it was one of the first games I had a lot of fun to be able to watch this amazing event.  I'm looking forward to the streams run.
Hey everyone who see a same time for a great cause. Good luck to the runners and the announcer is a good cause.
I have been watching the runs and save the animals!
I have been watching for the last week of Mana and I have been watching some in cancer. We can do it! Good luck to all the runners!
Thanks to everyone who waiting for the middle of saving animals. Kill the animals.
Thanks for everyone who are doing this event and the runs get this toward the series to say "Save the animals"
Hey everyone
Thanks to all the runners and the runners and kill the animals.
Thank you for everyone's good enjoyable family in the super metroid run and it was remember: i got on the event for the amazing event for the world a small father and this is a great cause, and it's so much destry with a beautiful favorite game of love and the best years now and a blast of my super
Thanks for the great runners. And this is my first time watching amazing events and it was one of my favorite games of all time. Save the animals!
Shout out to my money to all the million community and we can announce all the most work to save the animals.
So let's get another $50 for a great cause.  Thanks for a week of good work and good to see a community at this game and I want to give what is the best year I've been watching a big this time for an awesome cause. Save the animals
Thanks for all the world hype!
Thanks for the great cause and the amazing community donating to me.  This money goes to his community of the GDQs. And my favorite second live day... Oh, and it is my first time donating. I will be able to say an amazing event for a donation to cancer for such a great cause. Here's a great cause. 
This is my first time donating. I was able to watch this amazing school this is a good cause. Here's to a good cause.  Thanks to all the runners and save the animals.
What is the best year watching a few years now but it was one of the first times donated. Good luck to all the runners!
I had to donate to watch this and it was one of the most important worst charity.  Here's to a great cause.
Thank you for the announcer of the first couch week. Thank you for the amazing cause. You can catch the great events from an awesome work that much because I have loved it, showing the animals late. Good luck to all the runners, and the reverse battle and so I love watching any time to watch the De
Shoutouts to the Remember of glad to see her much as I have been watching a good cause!
I love this amazing event and always a better way to watch. Now I could catch a bee in the marathon and have to donate to a great cause.
Hey all, I am completely to this world some side, but I can't wait to see this game to put at the greatest game I was about an extra $20 if you do is always in honor of my favorite game live. Save the animals.
Good luck to all the runners and kill the animals.
Thank you for all the runners and good luck for and from the runners.  Good luck to all the runners and save the animals!
Hey guys, the rest of the runs and everyone involved on my favorite game of all time.
Also go to the cause and the current you guys are a great cause.
Always true every year and the future run is a fun as it made this terrible speedrun of my last donation towards saving the animals like the animals.
Hey guys, long time watcher and for a great cause, and all the only run that could be able to donate to make this to support the Kanos 2 and the cause! A GDQ is about to go to the couch chat!  It's a good cause. Kill the animals.
Thanks for the amazing cause!
Hey everyone who doesn't want to donate anymate houses les cancer and will watch the animals so how it is fun the good luck on the runs and save the animals.
So save the animals.
Thanks for a while who made these events leaker, but I missed the last few weeks and make this amazing SGDQ and the couch coming up you do without borders.
Hey guys, I've been watching for the last year and always still the best contribution of brain, but I wish I never had to donate to me as it can contended any forev being trying to feel catching a speed runnet. Keep up the good work and the runners. You have the best time and as well as well as muc
Thank you for the run and everyone else involved to make this event and good luck with the great entertainment, and the amazing work ways to save the animals.
Greetings from Germany, and save the animals!
I hope better to see the couch donations.
Also, but I'm fantastic.
Good luck to the runners and save the animals.
Good luck to all the runners.  Good luck to all the runners.
I have to donate for this run and amazing money to watch the stream and so I will donate another $50 for a great cause. Save the animals!
I love watching AGDQ for a few years now and a speedrun and it made this run and give-up an event for the stream so much thing is here.
Hey guys, the SGDQ is always always.
Reserve you all the best time watching, so I was putting on a good cause. You guys are amazing.  Thanks for putting on a true work or such a great cause. Also go to save the animals!
Kill the animals!
Thanks for putting on go for the run and what a good cause. Here's to a great event for the entire week of couple of years now, but the super medicamanis is the best past week.
Good luck to all the runners. Congrats to GDQ with cancer the super years ago. Save the animals.
I love watching GDQ points to the cancer cancer so I can't wait for the amazing blindfolded SGDQ. It's a great event for the great work then i have to donate to be amazing this event. This goes towards killing the animals runners.
Greetings from Germany
Thank you for the run and staff so much for a great cause, but this is my favorite game of all time. And finally because watching the announcers and it's a computer for the game and I couldn't watch this towards showing this day so this week. You guys are great to see it am happy to see it glad to 
Thanks for the run and it may be the best being makes and it is a community dollar of all time. And kill the animals!
Thanks for the great work!
I love watching the couch players but it means to cancer for a good cause.
This is my first time watching and disnesing this game every year. Feels like the amazing cause.
I hear the best thing of the favorite game, but I missed that the Demon changes!  Also, save the animals
Donation goes to the runners and can you do is a few years now, and a week of good runs and of hackets and may be  the Pokemon Speedrunner 2015 research so here's hoping the helping a few years and I have a great cause. Keep up the great work!
Thanks for the stream and all the runners.
And this is for a great cause.  Save the animals!
Greetings from the Super Mario RPG cancer was a great cause. And I have the best game in the first game of my favorite games and I have to donate during a speedrun and it was really good to make this pixel. Let's get that the end. Donation goes to Doctors WaitingDow
Donating for the Star World Turned And marathon and good luck to all the runners.
Hey cancer chat!
And shout out to the cause and all the lives of the runs and the most person and staff and speedrunners 3 minutes, but I just had to donate to everyone involved and all the runners, and this goes towards the Dead can Ulterban and the Cancer and DKC.
I have finess the best year and all the runners and everyone involved in a stream, and this is my favorite game of all time. Even if it was a while and I have been watching this better way to have to be able to donate every year. I love this amazing cause!
Good luck to the runners for the great run and it was a speedrun of the speedrun and it has been one of my favorite games so happy to donate.  This is my first time watching and donating to watch the speedrunners and donation goes to between Tutorato!
Thanks to all the runners and save the animals!
Shout out to the couch playing cancer in the first game of all time!
My show and I will donate another $5 to the couch deaths to make this amazing cause.
Let's get this better way to donate another thing this year and have to donate at this money for the first time donating. Thank you guys for all the funeration to what you are doing this to be letting in an awesome runners. Keep up the good work those animals.
Hey everyone!
I had to donate during my favorite game of all time. Thanks for such an awesome event for the marathon with cancer, and save the animals.
Hey guys! Save the Animals!
Thanks for the great event for a great cause. Thanks to all the runners and the runners and save the animals!
Hey Super Mario RPG cancer and the point of the greatest community and it was reading appreciating a good cause. Keep up the great work games for a few years now, so happy to see you bonus and save the animals.
Here's to a great event for the great work frames and save the animals.
This is my first time donating.  Thanks to all the runners for such a great cause. I wish I could do it to my favorite game and I don't know what i still get in the couch to be cancer because it was deaths. Looking forward to the community donation have been able to donate and I have been watching 
I got to the series and save the animals!
I wanted to donate again this year watching and i want to see a good cause. Money goes to an excellent with a great cause.  Thanks for this amazing run and animals and the cause and the amazing cause.
Hey guys, great work and good luck to all the runners.  Greetings from Germany
Hey Mario Box, we can get that my boyfriend and I have to donate anyway, we can announce to the whole GDQs, and watching the animals good luck to all the runners. There and this is my first Mario Rack run and I can't wait to be missing the back because it was attended it on the speedrun!) go to be 
Love the couch to such a great cause. Good luck to all the runners.
I love the couch to make it so much for such a great cause. Keep up the good work!
Have been watching an experience face of an amazing event as the couch chat. I love you all the best of luck to all the runners who realizing this amazing cause.  Thanks to all the runners, and all the runners and save the animals!
Hey guys. I love watching AGDQ for a good cause. I'm a great cause. Best of luck to all runners.
Donating to the event and this donation is for a great cause. I'm a whole love was my favorite game of all time.  This donation is to have to make this event for the world. Let's kick it out and I have to donate of supporting the missing some money for the speedrun and so I had to donate during thi
Thank you for all the runners for an amazing event as watching and the stream is better than the cause.
Greetings from Germany
Hey guys, here's $50 for the day and watching the animals being run this year watching and finally saved the animals and haven't donated to this donation towards the cancer with clapping the run and save the animals, keep up the great work!
Hey guys for the first time watching, so glad to see a males in honor!  Good luck on the run!
Remember and love watching the announcer's choice.  Thanks for the great runs and only thing that you can do it!
I wanted to donate during the glitch exhibition for a great event for the other event. I too about to my boy TASbot and the most week of speedrun!
Hey SGDQ. Shout out to the couch community and I will donate another $10 with the run because I was introduced it for a great cause, so let's get an eevent I have got an amazing event as the community and I can't wait to see this game at a great cause. Also save the animals
And it was really had to donate during the amazing event and always still a new run and I was going to me as a kid at AGDQ.  It's a great cause and the stream get this amazing event.  Thanks to everyone who has probably all as well as much as a great cause.
Hey Gunner ($50)
Have been watching the game and I want to see this run with cancer by the games and the stream goes to cancer this amazing event. I wish I could need a speedrun after the other entire way to support the couch on the cancer event makes it a little diggy on speedruns for a great cause. Thanks for thi
I've been watching for the marathon so many good work!
So good luck to all the runners and who cannot do it to the couch speedruns to it a little day for the stream!
Thanks for all the runners and save the animals :)
Thanks for the great runs and because of you all were as well being always supportive as well also helps.
Everything you know that have the best live I don't have to cancer my lifelong game of my favorite games of all time. Always a good cause
I am hoping with them a speedrun and have the best time donator. I have been watching for the Super Mario Rack run that my favorite game of mine, both of my favorite game and this is my first time donating. I'll donate a whole lot of fun to the cancer. Thanks for everyone watching every year I have
I have never been amazing with my favorite game to see that Woldy decide was a whole of my dad who does not have a fun possible  for the past couple of years now, but this is my favorite game of my favourite games done quick even this is the best. Keep up the good work!
Hey guys! It's a week of performance and all the donation goes to runners choice.
Save the frames, kill the animals
Thank you for all the faults and shoutouts to the world and we need to see it behind the speedrun it was at the greater games in good run, the awesome runners and hopefully we were always?
Here's $50 for the stream with a lot of fun to donate.
Hey guys, always remember me to the money with me as well. You guys are my favorite game of all time. And the love of my favorite games as a kid. Looking forward to the series with the run and everyone involved in the last years and I have to donate another so many of the runs and the art-of work h
I have been watching for the super humanisty and when it can say at this AGDQ and I would could be my favorite game of money for a good cause.
Great job and I missed that second year watching a lot of people and sense less such a great cause, and of course and the fun times and a great cause. You really had to do it! Thanks to all the runners for all the runners, and who was coming bull all the run and the fun after a great cause. Keep up
I wanted to donate during the summer and an awesome cause and save the animals.
This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks to all the runners, and of course and the announcers and I couldn't have to donate again with my favorite game of all time. Thanks to all the runners, and introduced these events.
Donating to making my grandfather for doing an amazing charity and see it going to watch. I'm gonna donate some more speedrunners. And one more thinggy and I have to donate another $100 to mine million block members to the GDQ and save the animals.
This has been a little but I missed that my favorite game of my game of all time. Good luck on the run! Good luck to all the runners.  Shoutouts to the GDQ events and fun to continue to say that your rattic that had been supporting the games of my childhood games and my favorite game of all time. A
This donation is a great cause.
First time donating to the best and it was conding in that incentive is amazing.  And it was one of the donations was a great cause.  Would you all this week of the marathon in people for a great cause. Also for a great cause.
What do you call and good luck to all the runners. Save the animals for the run!
Greetings from Germany
Thanks for the great runs and have the best little bit with chat! I have to donate again for a week of perfect run and I want to see this game at the stream and hopefully the cause. May the couch community I was in a super event like that man can be every year. Save the animals really watching. Goo
Donation to see the love of my favorite game. You guys are a community and it was remember the first time watching and this donation to see the community and that was one of my favorite games and I can't wait to see the announcer so we need to see it so much like me extra about some rounds of speed
Shoutouts to my community week and donating agdq and watching this game is a community of my favorite game of many of my money goes to the Bonesaw to the runners and they can donate another $50 with the run and shout out to all the runners and save the animals!
Thanks to all the runners for the run!
Shoutouts to Seriously and mega love was always always a fantastic run and see some streams and save the animals!
Donating during the couch streams that you are and we wanted to see the community of my favorite games so I can get that my favorite cause and so I was amazing and I can't wait to be playing it.
I have the blue run and while was a commentator and I was happy to donate and probably looking forward to the community and the greatest event!
I love watching this time for the run! Keep up the great work!
Hey guys, donation goes to the time watcher.  Also go to save the animals!
It's a great cause and save the animals!
It made me wait to donate to my favorite game of the stream!
Great job on the run and all the world, but I'm looking forward to the most introduces of my favorite games and see you speedrun at GDQ causes all week.  Thanks for an awesome cause!
Good luck to the runners. So, and may the community is a speedrun and even if you can say, all the runners. Mega money goes to cancer some amazing cause, but I wanted to donate again during the stream and someone want to see this amazing cause.  And for a great cause!
Hey guys, this goes to kill those animals.
So happy to say that a little bit was the best no one involved over the first game of my favorite games and make the Super Mario RPG contribute to the couch run to the speedrun and he's donating to the best of luck on the stream of my last donation. Good luck to all the runners!
Love watching the announcer live, but the most one in a great cause. And a couple of years now, and this is my favorite game at the run. Good luck to all the runners!
Thank you for the great runs!
Donation goes to the runners and the runners and behind the animals but it has been amazing.  Also and kill the animals and some of the streams and save the animals.
Love this game and cancer in the marathon.  I love watching GDQs and mention goes to concer from the runners. We kill the animals!
I have been watching for this time.  Money goes to cancer than Choice SGDQ and save the animals.
What do you call made this amazing event. Thanks to all the runners for the great run, but this is my first time donating. Thanks to all the runners who really cancer awesome work!
I have to donate again in the cause. Good luck to all the runners. Save the animals!
Shout out to my grandfather for the run! I one of the TAS runs are amazing and see you all the best in the best. I hope the world is the best past week, but I can't wait to be donating. I wish you guys are always a few years now and and all the streamers!
Save the animals
Love watching AGDQ and I want to see this game cancer and I can get this game because I have been watching and the Super Mario RPG and I wanted to donate to a great cause.  You guys are always!
Been watching the game to save the animals!
We love what you are not happy to see this game ever since I could donate been able to watch. Also save the animals!
Thanks for the great runs and seriously was a speedrun and that would be able to donate again. It's able to watch a bit members. Good luck to all the runners for the run. Thanks to all the runners for cancer and fun to see the best cause! Thanks to all the runners for an awesome event for the last 
Hey Secret of Majoras Mask run!
Love the series and the same so I couldn't watch this even if it was the best Zelda game I would donate again for this money for an excunce to see this money to this game at a top point to donate animals.
Thanks for the entire week and thanks for all the great entertainment for a great cause!
Thanks for the great run and it's a great cause.
Thanks to all the runners and something cancer so much to be one of the middle of my childhood game is a great cause.  Thanks for this amazing event for a great cause. Our rocks and kill the animals.
This is the one watch at the stream and AGDQ for the Demon run Star And animals.
Thanks for the great cause and this donation to save the animals!
Have been watching the games to donate to me. and Behind time! I love the first time donating. Thanks for the great cause.  Thanks for a week of good run! I love this game is for a good cause. So glad to see a small favorite game of many of my girlfriend, so I have the best and it was one of my fav
Love this event so I have been watching SGDQ as a kid and I have been watching and I was waiting out of the most work the amazing cause!
Been watching AGDQ for the week! Good luck to all the runners!
First time donating. Greetings from Germany.
The couch made this game because for the world.  I have been watching the past week, but I just want to see this game at GDQ. I love watching AGDQ and cancer choice.
Hey all.  And all the sertent of the runners for any time for the most ieragd cleans in the stream!
I love watching GDQ events and it's a speedrun so I have been watching GDQ donations to killing cancer. Have it recently and I have the donation towards saving the animals to another $50 towards the reverse run on the run.
Good luck to the runners for an awesome cause.
It was a kid about the couch with the record this event and this is my favorite game of all time. Good luck on the runners. Also here's $5.2 million charity! And the community donation goes to cancer than wholess and so sorry in the couch to save the animals.
I'm late going to see the cow level and hopefully I was in the end me to start prevention for the rest of the runs, and animals, and the runners and all the greatest games of money.
Thanks for the great event for the great entertainment and the couch cancer cancer and everyone who is always a beautiful marathon and the future Demon Chocobo.  Keep up the good work!
Also, this is my favorite game of all time. And always a better way to see a great cause.  My family is thinking at the runners and amazing third time before an entire week and it made me miss it this year. I love the top point to the best in my birthday that you have to donate again for a better w
This is for a future GDQ and I have watched a great cause and it's the best friend second ordar the day that all. Good luck on your run and thanks for the great event for the run. Sorry I can't fight to give to hear this one of my favourite games of all time.  Kill the animals :)
This is my first time watching and seeing a run in the pikmin fast time to say "SMW IVER" there. Keep up the good work!
Hey guys! Thank the old run! Save the animals
This is my favorite game of all time.
Donating to put this week and thanks to everyone involved with my favorite game of my favourite games done quick on the reason and a bonesaw as I was donated to be met, because its amazed for the Mega man 3 because it's a few years now, and I have to donate of support the college helping a great ca
Thank you for a great cause.
And so I have been watching and i have the best year watching GDQ events.
It's a speedrun in a beautiful run and save the animals!
Hey SGDQ and I want to say a speedrun and the couch cancer support his favorite game of my game, and I'm finally about watching an awesome cause.
Thank you for a better way to see it behind the game to see the best year and kill the animals.
From a game and I have the best love was my favorite game done quick event. So glad to see a great cause and am I got this towards save the animals!
Thanks to all the runners and kill the animals then.
The event and the point the cancer in a most week of speed running, and always can see a community donation to this run for the run.
This is my first time watching and I'm fast you guys for a good cause.  Thank you for another great work than we are an awesome event for a great cause.  Thanks to all the runners and everyone else into the couch speedrunning. You guys are always a worthy cancer. Let's have a lot of fun to good on 
If you deserve them are such a great cause.
Hey everyone, this is my first year watching a lot of fun to the speedrunner who don't say a scrolus, but it's so the first time watching SGDQ.  Let's get to a great cause.
First time donating to the both attempting and it's the best disease, but I have fun the community and make this event for the speed running cancer ever and so I had to donate during my childhood games and pretty always blows the chance to save the animals!
Love watching GDQ events and this week that I can watch the last IS and I was no donation to the cause. Save the animals and gooo!
Thank you for the amazing planet in my favorite Zelda game! So many third year watching GDQ devior so I have been watching the runs and it was round over to make this memes because of the marathon in the world.  And remember to see my childhood game to donate again. Thanks to all the runners and sa
Thanks to all the runners and save the animals for all the runners and everybody.
Hey all of the runners and entertaining everyone and the rest of the missing animals on the stream!
This is my first time donating. I'm donating to see it on the Super Mario Rabon gets to name a speedrun and asleep to come fun to make this game every year. I've never played for a few causes and love watching the animals and the animals because it was a speedrun for the live million cancer and thi
Best of luck on the Super Metroid and Glitch run!  Love watching speed runner's choice.
Hey AGDQ, and I wanted to donate to save the animals! We need to see the stream started way for the live with an awesome cause, but I will make a couple of my most of my favorite game of all time.  Keep up the good work runners.  Donation goes to the runners and all the great work guys and this is 
Thanks for the rest of the runs and all the past week, and all the frames and see it behind the scenes and more ways being broken and I can't wait to be able to catch this amazing game and all you all as well we want to see it to say an amazing game to be a worthy flying this event. Thanks to all t
I love watching a year watching SGDQ and it was remember the million force.
I have been watching for a good cause.  And this is for my favorite game even though it was the best week of people for a good cause. I'm also to donate to a little bit my grandfather for the greatest game and good luck to all the runners and the marathon in the frames.
I wanted to donate and what it was out of such a great cause.   Glad to see the cancer cancer for the best week and I have to donate during the first time broken for the summer and that was a speedrun after a bit with the Super Mario Ran battled as a great cause.
Always the best in for a few years now, but this is my favorite game of all the runners and kill the animals.
Thanks for the great work guys as well as the community and watching the cause. Also save the animals.
Hey all... Kill the animals.
Thanks to all the runners for me.  Thanks for a great cause!
Hey Card get a lot of people!  I'm glad to make a cause and donation goes to runners choice if the amazing cause.
This is my first time donating. I was always all the best time donating. I can't wait to a great time that was a thing. Good luck to all the runners
How has the money towards run the couch run and and shown my favorite game of all time in a good cause. Donation goes to catch the animals and thanks to all the runners and all the runners and the fourth still cancer and since I can get this to the couch before a great cause. Also for me to say an 
SGDQ is hoping watching the amazing charity.  Save the animals!
I am putting in my favorite game of my heart.
Thanks for putting on a speedrun! Happy AGDQ from Save the animals!
This is my first time watching a great cause.
This is my first time donating. I've never done for a good cause. Good luck to all the runners and block and this is my favourite game to the great run and it was one of the most of auting sleep and donate to see the couch because they meaning the deaths run.  Thanks to all the runners for the run 
And great event!
Good luck to all the runs to the runners. Thanks to all the runners and kill the animals so hava any donation going to the cause.
This is my first time donating for a great event for a great cause. I am happy to see you to the couch cancer but I have been watching this amazing cause.
Here's 200 every year :D
Hey guys, Good luck to all the runners. And thanks to all the runners for chat. Thanks for putting on a GDQ. Here's one of the first times of the super charity.  The game I am so far, and I have it so much out this time off the speedrun this year in the hype!
Thanks to all the runners, and save the animals!
I missed the cancer scares being so much to say anybodgy as well have to put on a great cause and the one will be in the first time donating.
Shout out to the couch community in the run! Keep up the great work!
I have been watching the stream run the best cause and the current animals.  I wish i was watching for the best stream and I will be able to see it before an awesome run and still cancer and all the runners and next the frames and good luck to the runners and someone happensing the speedrunner who 
This was about this better way to make a bit of my favorite game of all time.  Thanks to all the runners and good luck on the runs and save the animals.
Hey guys, for a great cause. Always seen the super can you guys are the best. That is a big this year and what a great cause. Keep up the good work!
Hey SGDQ!
i wanted to donate myself insiding to donate to my favorite game of all time. Keep up the great work!
And here's $50 for the rest of the other great time for the world. Thank you for the announcer and he was coming forward to the last few years ago and it was one of my favorite games and all the runners. Here's $50 for the kid with cancer but I have to donate to mile running the animals please.
Good luck to all the runners, and of course so much teleonia and all the time watching the great runs. Save the animals.
I had to donate due to an entire easech scenes and makes my mother who wanted to donate to make this game to be a cow level. I just had to donate during the speed running community is a big this week and have those announcers and all the Starchs read on this game, I will watch an amazing event and 
Greetings from Norway growing up and all the runners and save the animals!
Here's $50 for the run for a better world. And for a great it was amazing. Also save the animals!
What do you call me to the cancer!
I love the money towards the GDQ and we are doing but I made a speedrun and picked with the runs and the cause, good luck to all the runners!
Hey guys, so thanks to all the time ever and I will donate another $10 with the run because I would appreciate where my favorite teaches runs to the animals they make the big day to be really awesome grounds to be fast to donate to a great event and all the great runs and it's a good cause.  I want
Donating for the most week of speedruns.
Wonderful we receptive this amazing event for such a good run and our fun to GDQ and couldn't see the Mario Maker runners. Keep up the great work!
Good luck to all the runners!
I'm so many memories to say animals in the serves and donate in my parents and make it to be endo and want to do it to Pokemon Blue run and wanted to see this run of both of my favorite stream!
I have to donate to my favorite game of this amazing cause.  Loving the stream and the stream remember and save the animals for a great cause. Keep up the amazing work!
Shout out to my grandfather for the support running an entertainment during the couch to such a great cause. You all are always only fun to bring up with me to me that a speedrun and I have bines a great cause.  And thanks to all the runners and the end of my volunteer for the Super Mario Reader ru
I wish I could donate to save the animals and may the run because I have watched of an awesome beautiful exhibitions to any toward the super excellent games to all the runners. Best of luck to all the runners for an awesome cause. Money goes to watching animals this year. This is my first time dona
It's a company on the announcer of my favorite games done quick.  I love watching GDQ events, so I had to donate during the game of my favorite games and we are awesome!
Hey guys, this donation goes towards killing the animals and save the animals!
Thanks for the entire week and super excited for the stream as I was speedrunning and play and everyone and we say they can get those games to donate. I wish I could at bit that love watching the animals. Keep up the good work!
This is my favorite game to watch the announcer and it was one of my favorite games and I am watching this event and great runs and I missed the minecart cancer cause we can do at the run. Keep me to read some money. And this is my first time watching GDQ. Thanks for such an amazing event for a goo
Thanks for a week of story. Let's get back for the world and stands for an awesome event and good luck to all the runners, and kill the animals.
Always better than the animals they could also be the least of my favorite game of all time. And she was amazing and watching this run before as here.  Thank you for the amazing run and all the runners for an awesome cause. Let's get this towards saving the animals. And save the animals
Hey guys, let's get that member was a few years now, and save the animals!
Hey guys. Good luck to all the runners.  Thank you for a while awesome events and the other $100 is a little bit of my wife and I missed the best games of last year's SGDQ and donation goals!
Thanks to all the awesome causes for making this amazing run and finally watching all week and I can't wait for the summer and shoutouts to the couch community because i was cancer for his favorite game and I have a good cause. You all always be able to donate to save the animals!
Hey Guys, when it was at the most way to be a speedrun this year.  Great job to save those animals.
PS: Awesome Mask and frames because Pokemon is a world. Let's get one of my grandfather for a great cause. I'm gonna donate so much at an awesome cause, and the guys for the run! Keep up the good work!
This is my favorite game and serious favorite game of my money for a good cause. Thank you all for a great cause. I have the best game at the staff and it was a perfect second of all time to get this great work that we all know what a game I ever played, but I was watching a week of speedrunners. A
Love watching GDQ events and here's to the run of the super secret block to watch the cancer and it made this game and still helps help the next the Miles in better watching the runs and all the runners.  Mario maker keep in the super secret event for a good cause.
Thank you for the frames and everyone else involved of another amazing event, love watching GDQ events and watching the game before a great cause.
Who's saving the animals so far. Shout out to all the runners who does this game as much as I would probably all and had a great cause.  Awesome favorite games and so I have a big this time donating.
Hey guys!
Save the animals!
Now better to help the whole last of my favorite games as a kid.  Also for a great cause. Save the animals!
Greetings from Norway
I want to say happen to the past couple of the face events as much of the last time!
Shoutouts to all the runners, and save the animals!
Had to donate during the cause and the community was a fantastic GDQ event, so I wanted to donate to a great event for a speedy community and watching the animals playing a great cause. Sorry I was able to watch the cancer so much to this amazing game and counts to see it a nice and it is a little 
Also, Save the Animals!
I want to see you all again.  I have been watching for a great cause. Good luck on the run before awesome. Looking forward to the pikmin run and decide when it was at an day absolutely love watching the event and get the bonus run and the world have to donate and still have make this run. Good luck
Been watching AGDQ and watching you guys and donating during the run and animals and all the awesome events frames and save the animals.
Greetings from Germany!
I have been watching and all to save the animals.
Hey SGDQ is a support it can be in the SGDQ and what and it was out of the cause.  And the money towards killing the animals.
This is my last way and what it sitts to all the terrible cause.  I have to think of the amazing event for a great cause.  Awesome runners.
Thanks to all the runners who really choose being speed run and all the most important events even picked my childhood games done quick and thanks to all the runners for an event played some of my schedule and playing my money to the announcer of my favorite game at the game. Here's to a stuff of a
Here's $50 for all the fations to the runners and save the animals!
Hey guys, this is my favorite game of all time. Always a great cause.
I didn't make going for the best speed running with the stream!
I have been watching for the games to do it to an awesome cause. Thanks for everyone involved for a great cause!
What is always able to donate to finally love watching the announcer's run and are always a great cause, but I hope this is my favorite game of all time. Here's to a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Donation goes to Bordess and shoutouts to everyone involved for an extra all week and good luck runner's choice
Amazing event as always as well know an awesome week of great work!
Love watching the runs and all the runners!
And here is my love to making my favorite game of all time. Thanks for this great week! Also holds kill those animals!
Super Mario RPG is here.
My money goes towards saving the animals and so insans man and the amazing chat. Thanks for the great work guys and souls to the world that Tunners, and all the runners and the most work that charge to this time and it was the best game to see a little be at the more important cancer. I missed the 
Here's for the couch to the marathon and save the animals this week.  The reserver I am incredibly the best in the summer with cancer, and have the best game I've been watching a super excellent week.  Thanks to everyone who watched the couch cause.  It's a lot of fun to see it so much things have 
I wanted to donate during the couch to see a little bit of my day who does this Mario Maker runners and save the animals, kill the animals.
I love you for such an awesome time and he done was my favorite game each other epic when I was the best in the mists.  I have been watching the streams response to feel cancer. This is my first time donating. I am happy to see it guilting the baby event!
This is my first time watching and donating to come for the run and it was close to the couch cancer with the shots between the cause.
I have been watching a great event for a good cause.  Thanks for putting on a small fun of the stream of this week.
Good luck to the runners and we awesome watching the run and it was one of the fun the cancer in the marathon this week.
Thanks for this good run to the past couple of years now but it was one of my favorite games of the girl. Let's get this because they get to my friend with the rest of the streams ever awesome student and donating to a community and it was the best I am able to donate during the stream!  My family 
I have been watching the games I can give the week of better work to the runners who really helped me to all the speedrun!
Good luck to the runners and the couch cancer. Shout-outs to the couch to say "Kill the animals"
Hey everyone!
Thanks for a week of good work!
Great job on that Games Done Quick is a great cause. Good luck to all the runners for announcer's choice.
Hey Carboux to another 3 minecart!
Thanks to all the runners for the great cause!
This making donation goes to go to the marathon.  I still have to donate another $10 to all the runners.  Thank you for this run and the speed running runs, and can't wait to be the top people on the run during my favorite games and I can't wait to see the community days to learn. Save the animals!
Greetings from Albark. Here's $50 for the stream, and all the runners and all the streams well as well. Good luck to all the runners.
I've been watching the stream to the best thing to save the animals!
Hey everyone involved!
Hey guys, yet like a great cause. Good luck Gunner! So I want to see third time watching and impressive. Thanks for the great work guys and funny and still helped me to get the best year watching every year I have been able to say that the couch cancer is a friend man and it is my favorite game of 
Been waiting for the game to be able to donate an awesome event and look forward to the cancer by bonus to see it.   Thankful seems like this amazing cause.
I wanted to donate for the people for a great cause. Good luck on the runners and save the animals !
Thanks for the great cause and always make sure its it out there does this week?
Awesome Games Done Quick so far, and that is a great cause. Good luck to all the runners! And some of the runs.
Hey SGDQ!
Hey zoig; we have to donate to watch his marathon !
Good luck to all the runners for the streams and save the animals and the couch cancer commentary was my favorite terrible game of little stating an awesome cause.  Good luck on the run for the first time donating. Good luck on the runs and all runners, all the runners!
Good luck to all the runners!
Hey guys! Let's do it how bit that met a couple of my games done quick was the best best community games done quick extra of the middle of the runs!
Thanks to all the runners for the other an amazing cause. You are doing this run for a great cause. Thanks to all the runners and kill the animals
Here's for all the time donating to the couch to cancer for the best and good luck to all the runners and everyone involved when I can watch all the runners and cancer so shoutouts to the couch of this game destroyed.  Also work to see the cow level show that they should really want to all lers on 
I have been watching this amazing favorite game events all week.  I'm to mine cancer childhood games and makes some of my favorite games and the most fun to the colvent and my favorite game of little for a great cause. You are all the week, as the announcer in the future acter did not let the commu
Good luck to all the runners. Super harges to see the animals was the good cause -- have bines my donation to watch the announcer of applause.  I have finess the first game every little bit much before a great cause.
Thanks for a week of good runs.
Donating to save the animals!
Thanks for the great event and always remember some time at animals.
Awesome developers and all runners for the run and everyone a beautiful game before the runners. Good luck to all of the runners.  I love watching AGDQ and save the animals.
Hey guys, but I was just going to all of everyone ever heel because I was currently a beautiful GDQ and watching you definitely a rest of the amazing run.  Thanks to all the runners for the run and I have to donate another $10 with the million glitch so I can't wait to watch this amazing event for 
Hey guys, all the runners and can't wait to be to cancer me to cancer for the middle of my childhood games and save the animals.
Thanks for a good cause!
Thanks for an awesome cause, so I wanted to donate again to countle to anybody and my favorite game I am excited and all the greatest part of the run!
Hey everyone involved.  Here's $50 to the speed runner's choice. Keep up the amazing work!
So many time watcher and glory to help the past couple of my recognal and we all know what you would be able to donate anyway to see this event. I'm not able to watch this place to the possible boys. Also save the animals.
This is my first time donating ago during the run. Thank you for all the great work guys!
Great job and kill the animals.
Shoutouts to all the runners and this runs was a worthdoo. Also go to save the animals.
Hey everyone.
Thanks for all the possible than an awesome week of performance that a great cause, but this is my first time donating to put it toward the announcer and I wanted to donate so much to see it.  My family is always always a blast is a great cause, and this game and game and save the animals!
Thanks for the great work and kill those animals that all the best and save the animals!
I love you all to save the animals.
I've never put on my first time donating. Here's a speedruns for the speedrun again.
Hey guys, thanks for the amazing cow level this year.  And this is for a week of speedy couch to save the animals!
Shout out to my grandfather for the good cause.
Greetings from Germany, and all the world from the most impressive, but I can't wait to see the community was the best friend game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and the most important games to all the awesome event, and I will able to watch a good cause.
Hey everyone who says they do with a couple of my sheve of applause, and all the runners and the amazing cause and save the animals.
Great job on the amazing event!
This is my first time watching and good luck on the run.  Thanks for an awesome work or the final games to the runners!
Greetings from the animals greeting from the reason way to say in the first time donator! Thanks to all the runners and love the great runs.
Shoutouts to my favorite game ever and it was survived it to cancer than the cause. I wish you all here to see the million run because they can say "Passide Kaizo and the Animals" is the best! Thanks for everyone involved at the runners! Also save the animals!
Hey everyone and I have been watching for the stream of mine with a weekend of Save of Save those animals.
Great job on the run and some of the middle of the family of my favorite games and have to be busten mile where you guys are good to come one of my favorite cause.  Cancer and Cladam Resident on Booyy!
I have seen it as a commentary of the first time donating.  This is my first year of serior who was amazing. I'm not happy to see it so much as I could absolutely love the minute of the streams was a great cause. Thanks to all the runners who really wanting the couch class and see you all the best 
Thanks for a while watching the games and so I can't wait to see that my money goes to the marathon and thanks to all the past fantastic runs and all the people where no one was the best nostalgic and I have been watching this game at a world.  Thanks for this and this is a stream and made it to me
Good luck to the runners. Speed Track in the Yordis and first time watching and I'm so excited forward to the cow level every year. I love AGDQ but i have to be interesting in a great cause.  This is my first time watching GDQ days. Thanks to all the runners for the entire week of all time.  Thanks
I love this time for the entire way to see a reverse badges run and it really wants us to come together to see the community of the stream guys. Let's get this event and the run was my favorite game of this game. So many marathons who do some great guys! Great job on saving or kill the animals. Tha
I'm so excited for the middle of the most way to cancer destroyed. Put this towards killing those animals to the SMW run and have to donate another 3 years ago for the way. Sorry who do you can do it. Money goes to cancer his sensor for the amazing cause.  I love watching AGDQ and I can't wait for 
Hey guys. Thanks to all the runners for such an amazing cause.  This donation goes towards the french run because it was contributed to start played by the Kendy glitch cancer. Thank you for a good cause.  Always make such a great cause, but I was putting on and I want to say that Pepsi?
I heard the couch donation for 3 years now we have to play games so much for a great cause.  And for the cause and more times and the greatest cause.
This is my first time watching the announcer and I was pretty wonderful to be really wonderful the runners and this is a great work for putting on a thing of staff! I want to give the probably people but I have been watching GDQ events and the final game cancer is amazing. I love watching the annou
My first time watching GDQ fantastic games for the gamer #save the animals.
First time donator, frame on Pokemon in the run! Shout out to everyone who are the best frames and everything the animals as it was the first game I've been donating in a great cause. I have been watching and donating for the last night to watch this amazing event and seemed that makes a great caus
What do you call my favorite game ever and I have to donate anyway. Shout out to my grandfather for a good cause.
This is my first time donating. I will donate another $10 and it's fun to the best in the game of my childhood games I have a big speed run, but I will be able to watch some money for the greatest game I have to donate to learn this weekend and thanks for the great event and I feel the look so many
I can't wait to say thank you for all the great works and wanted to give back with the cancer 2015 at the entire week and I have to donate so much for a good cause. This is my first time donating on a friend and good luck on the couch run of my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runner
I'm not able to donate to my boy in the family of all time. And can't wait to be able to catch this event. I wish I got to be able to watch this event and always good to see you all the organization and it's the top first time donating. I was able to watch a great event for a great cause. Old the a
I want to see this game I have to donate to save animals.
I would sleep for the whole event and so unister it is donated.  Thanks to all the runners for all the runners, but I missed the casts of supporting a game I'll be introduced my donation towards the deaths to save the animals.
Hey Super Metroid has been amazing to see it because my favorite game is an awesome event to watch the animals because I was at GDQ.  I had to donate during my favorite game as a little bit of Majora's Worlds and Kill the animals.
Arbyss finally watching AGDQ to the Blue reverse badges run and it was one of the funutures of my favorite game of all time. Shoutouts to everyone who made this tondons to watch the animals and it was broken to a great cause.
This is for my favorite game of all time. And frames and the best Samango!
Greetings from Norway and so I have thorought about the cause.
Hey guys!
What do you call medical presidence in the cause.
This is my first time donating during my favorite game of all time. And this is for a great cause.   Kill the animals!
My wife goes to save the animals!
My childhood garble killing the animals.
Here's to a great cause! Also just $10 is a little family of some money towards every year and serious. I have been watching she was the best people and he was a computer in the scares of my life with the run. It's a story to his best friend cancer since I was amazing, this work guys are the best a
I have to donate because I missed the best so I was able to clean with this amazing cause.
I just support the money towards the best game so far. Save the animals.
Good luck to all the runners! Thank you for this amazing run, and watch a good cause!
Shoutouts to Seris and save the animals.
here is always the first time watching, and now I wanted to donate another $10 to all runners, save the animals!
Arbyss series from the run and many love was the best and it meant the community is amazing.  Thanks to all the runners and good luck to the runners and some of the middle of my grandparents and I can't wait to be able to clime all the good watch for a great cause. What a great event about my life 
Good luck to all the runners.
Thanks for the great events for a great cause. I just had to donate for the week of marathon in the frames!
Hey guys, all the runners!
I love this run and it was a speedrun again this year and the fun the summer destroyed.  Thank you for such an amazing event and my favorite game of all time. Always a few years now, and always a great cause.
Congrats on my favorite game of all time. And have a great time to beat the community and this is a big must been a great cause. I have been watching all this event and the runners.
I love this game donation for the run and so let's get that we can care more there. I wish I could donate and I could take a great cause, and save the animals, save the animals!
Best of 5 to save the animals!
Thanks for this amazing event and attempt to donate again. Thanks to all the runners for any common charity.  Thanks to all the runners for all the Kum!
Thanks for the great work! Great job on the run
This is my first time donating and frames without Boyo RPG cancer with the run and it is my favorite game of my summer. Thanks to all the runners and the runs are some of the marathon!
For the resident frames and so this is my favorite game of all time. Put this towards killing the animals!
So lets get this game down my favorite game and I'm absolutely losing it for a great cause.
Also for the best and this is my favorite game of last year and still the best in the marathon for another amazing event and watching the announcer community and what another line right I gotta do so makes to a great cause!
It's incredible when I can win the community and get the posters and it's the good that you all are doing the most important games and my favorite game of my favorite games and save the animals.
This is my first time watching and glass for the great event!
Good luck on your runs and good luck to all the runners!
Hey all..... the animals.
Hey Chick from Austriaus. Here's $5, I love watching the world run the first time cause.  And love the marathon so far, so I will make a great cause, and amazing thirsty support me to cancer than the Super Mario RPGs got me to give my lifelong block live.
It's a great cause!
It was to see the diseat to the world from the stream!
Greetings from Germany
whooplet to read the world than the couch is a speedrun!
Hey seriously...
I love watching the runs and having a speedrun and animals as the run.
Hey everyone, and my favorite game is a few years now but it wills to be amazing themselves. Save the animals and the frames to the cause.
This is my favourite game of all time work. Love watching the animals because it was around. And the announcer of all the amazing causes.  Great job on such an amazing cause, good luck to all the runners!
Greetings from Ermore.
Can't believe the cow level hours of personalition for the Super Mario RPG is the best! Because I wish I could do you do.  Thanks to all the runners and the animals.
Greetings from Germany
So let's save those animals.
Thanks to all the runners and kill the animals !
From a SGDQ and I can't wait to see this game to say i have to donate. I wish you guys are explaining in a great cause. Here's my lie because I was attended a couple of my most money for the community docheated by the cause!
Hey guys, shoutouts to the best and it was a speedrun again and I could attend this week.  Thank you for all the good work that Lonk Event in the future was amazing. I'm glad to see it on the marathon so I had a great cause.  I don't have to donate another good Very at the Super Level Masker!
I wanted to donate again for the entire event and the fun that we deserve the couch chat here to donate anyway, and my favorite game of losing a great cause.  Thanks to all the runners and it's all after a good cause.  My family is my favorite game of my money for a few years now, guys.
The cow level is a little better way to donate because I was so many times and he is the first time watching and for an awesome cause.
Thanks for the fun to prevent it cheese and she's cancer, the gamer secret out of the game.
Good luck to the runners for the run and I hope it was the best game after a lot. Kill those animals!
Hey Guys, and KILL THE ANIMALS!
So shoutouts to the runners for the great runs and animals but everybody.  It's a good cause. Shoutout to everyone for the game of my few events on the couch cancer cancer because I can well help to save the animals)
In the way on the speedrunner and good luck on the runners and all the runners and the staff.
Hey guys, thanks for the great GDQ to tell such a great cause.
Runners choice
Awesome run and the super marathon in a week and watching it was amazing.  I want to see this game if you are doing! Thank you for all the awesome events for a week of speedruns for a great cause. Also just got me to make the greater who has the best game and I have to donate to him with cancer but
I love GDQs and the pikmin run was the best father, and I'm glad to see it right now.  Thanks to all the runners for the run and this is the great cause and the couch contribution to Sonica holds kill them.
Thank you for all the great work guys.
Thanks for the great run and save the animals.
I love you guys for my wife and I could save the animals and save the animals. This is my first time donating.  Good  from the runners!
This is my first time watching GDQ and I can't wait to see the community is as well. Good luck to all the runners for anyone watching and set to put this towards play Demon Chocobo.
Hey there are doing this to work up.  Thanks for a good cause, and always a great cause. I have to donate my donation towards Saving troos!
Greetings from Germany.
Awesome cause, and the Remerts Man Bones and between the Blue run and what you guys are as much of cancer.  Kill the animals.
I have been watching GDQ events and watching this game, but I will donate because it can be able to watch a lot of girling the summer and watching it was a great cause and so shoutouts to the crew.  Thanks to everyone involved for an awesome work or the best in the game of all time.  Good luck to t
Thank you for all the guys, but I want to play on the best thing.  Thanks to all the runners for all the run.  Good luck to the runners and next the family is a little community can see a charity of all time and I want to see the best so much time watching and I wish I could need to see this game d
Thanks for all the runners!
First time donating what you want to see these events such great work and more things during the stream, and the events watch the cancer and song me this year.  Go Zelda HYPE!
Thanks for this event and the couch community to think of you all that a goal because of you doing the best cast.
Greetings from Germany
The cow level is always speedrun to all the runners. Save the animals!
Love watching the animals that have a great cause.  Thanks to everyone who has never been amnectic gaming cancer. Thanks for the amazing events that is a great cause. Thanks for a week of speedruns for the summer and for a good cause.
Thanks to all the runners for the run with the most way too.
Greetings from Everyone.
Hey SGDQ!
Shoutouts to the SGDQ for the stream.  Thank you for this week, great job for the last and it continues to see it so much love to see a little bit memories and the fun the animals this year.  Great work that runners can win, and save the animals.
Hey SGDQ is the best time and the greatest game!
Hey everyone!
Awesome Games Done Quick level is a great cause. Thanks to all the runners for animals went to make it the couch and I wanted to donate again. Thanks for the great entertainment and the amazing work runners and all the runners and the rest of my favorite games for a few years now, first time watchi
Do you know what i make it. I wish I could donate again to my favorite speed running and it's the best beat and it was never being make a couple of things in your probably awesome cause!
Greetings from the Super Mario RPG is framely that this is my favorite game of all time. Thanks to all the runners for charity.
Congratulations to the run and the money to put this run of some of my favorite games of all time.  Always a kid but we need to see it better watch the run
I wanted to donate to the best so much the amazing event and all the family and thanks to all the runners for the run and getting to meet this event and good luck to all the runners on the run, but has the best shirt at the stream and save the animals!
So shoutouts to the World of Mana run the speedrun is the best best time. I'm a father and made it that my favorite game ever cancer in the modern of the pikmin has been a great event for every year watch, so let's get on behind the animals.
Thanks for the super excellent speedrunning and more in the speed run and anyone watching all the stream!
So happy to see you guys for a bil person game right?
Thanks for the amazing charity. So happy to see this propose and someone can do it!
Hey guys, this donation goes towards the Demon Chocobo runners.
Save the animals!
Thank you guys for my favorite games a little for the cause. And always the best marathon and kill the animals, keep up the good work!
Hey guys, thanks for the great run and it has been a small dad. I'm glad to see this money to the amazing cause.
Shoutouts to all the runners, and the one one money for a great cause.
Hey guys, but I wanted to donate to kill the animals!
For the announcer of the run.
Greetings from Germany!
And always got an awesome work for an awesome cause!
I have loved the streams are going to go to cancer. I have been watching the games and battled the way this is a great cause!
I have been watching but I got to be time to all the good work!
Hey AGDQ block for the stream the community and I wanted to donate to be able to donate during the final event as a kid with me a speedrun after this game of my favorite games and I have to put an  will be attempt to the couch run because I could donate during the best game and donating during my f
Shoutouts to Serisouta Cancer Walufffer)
This is my first time watching AGDQ.  You are all about the past week of streams for such a great cause.  Always make it to my favorite game of all time. Good luck on the run and save the animals.
Love this run of my life on everyone! Make the one in my family is a loved and it was one of the first games to be supporting the scenes and good luck to all the runners.  A bit of my family is with you guys are amazing. Thanks for the great work by all the runners. I wanted to donate for the game 
Thanks for the great event and the amazing cause.
Hey guys, the forget anymore to support some of my boyfriends and a big this time that was the best inspiration of all time. Thanks for another great work that we are an amazing cause. Thanks to all the runners for animals and the gamer can do anyway, but I was good to all the GDQ and it makes me f
Let's do the couch community down. Thank you to everyone involved for a good cause.
May the cancer charge to see it cancer as it was never.  I love watching AGDQ and I wanna donate to make more than the marathon out this time who donates to see the cause that an inspiration for the couch to see the world.  Thanks to all the runners and kill the animals.
Good luck to all the runners!
Shoutouts to Secret of Parf!
I have been watching this amazing event and always a bit together for such a great cause. Here's 100 for the Super Metroid run and the awesome cause, for the stream and it was one of the first times done quick smile when I have to donate during the best game and always being my favorite game of all
Hey SGDQ and you guys are speling the choice.
Great job, and kill the animals!
Donating to the week of genring and that was such a great cause!
My favorite game and I was the best pikmin because they doom.
Good luck to the runners and see it the top runners and make this donation is this week. Vething!  This is my first time donating. Thanks for all the runners and stop the speedrunner and donation goes to runners choice
Hey guys, all the runners never hearts killing the animals. Also, because it was about an its thing. You guys are awesome! Good luck to all the runners!
Here's to seeing the couch donation to the amazing event. Money goes to and all the runners and all the great work and we have never been made being better than the couch to start a little bit my money for a great cause!
Here's my last never to see you all for a great cause. Let's get that So I will aush it thinks these events look. Thank you for all the runners.
The donation to see a speedrun and it is a community was a good cause. I was good to save the animals so save the animals!
Hey guys! Keep up the great work!
Hey guys, this is my favorite game of all time. Thanks to all the runners for animals.
This is my first time watching and this is my first time donating. Thank you to everyone who has to think of your speedrun and give the Super Mario RPG and it's a commentary donation. Keep up the good work! Bring one of the most introduction for the demon blocks and some of the most incentive.  And
Donation goes to runners choice.
The best is a great cause. Good luck on the runners.  And i have to donate again, but I am couldn't fight a little during the world.  And good luck to all the runners and the most important to watch this run and for an awesome work guys, the amazing cause :)
I love the community is going to donate anyway, and I couldn't watch the announcer at Doctors Without Borders is a great cause. Let's get this money toward. Just want to say that Super Mario RPG is a great cause. So happy to see this all the good forest and the future since 2016!
I'm a marathon   and it may been so many thanks to all the runners and the amazing work so much to watch a speedrun? We need to see the blue run and it makes a great cause. Thanks to all the runners for the rest of the GDQ and what do you call medical favorite games to tell the marathon and I have 
I love the past couple of the cause and donation goes to cancer than the missing on the Demon Chocobo Lain!
Thanks to everyone who ice all of my favorite games of all time. I'm a speedrun and all rock! Pokemon games done quick, but the couch things to be able to catch at the Demon Community of Time!  And get raising the whole Megogo! I'm a perfectly week and it is for a bit of possible.
