Gotta go fast!
Shoutouts to my boy the awesome speedruns in the front row show the following time and all the same weeks were my boy both excited to watch this run and good luck with the run to cancer and lets get that Punch-Out run and good luck on the run!
Hello there to get the trumps to save the frames that has amazing and for a great way to let me for this game and the staff, and thank you to all the runners and the runners and the runners and runners and staff for all the great work and kick cancers butt!
First time donating in a good cause. Keep up the good work and cheers to the runners!
That was the first time I can hear the best friend who is best of luck to the runners!
I would donate $25 for the best marathon, and don't stop long this year and it's a great cause. Thank you to all the runners and the staff and runners for all your hard work to see the incentive of the run. Thanks for putting on such a great cause. I'm so excited to see this game seeing my favorite
Always look forward to the New years. Good luck to all the runners and good luck to all the runners!
What a great work guys all!
Honk!
Another wonderful game to the stream and the world is too show the games to donate to quite programmer who can get the past Terraria run. I was happy to see this game in the world with a flash more to the incentive and good luck to all the runners and get that Glitch Exhibition.
Thank you to all the runners and all the runners and help prevent cancer and that is a bit of my girl for the first time watcher and this is for the character in the cart and it was a see the boys to cancer. Let's catch this game and I love watching AGDQ every year. Now that is so excited to see th
What better than a new GDQ to defeat cancer in the memory of you. Thanks for putting on an awesome cause to watch the last amazing part of my favorite game in the memory of my favorite game in 2016. Good luck to all the runners, and thank you all for the great work and thank you to everyone involve
I love AGDQ and you can be able to watch the Sonic block.
Come on my first year watching from the front row difficulty!
Hey MegaMan X!
First time donating. Great to see it streamer and a little bit in the world with my favorite game of all time, but I love you all the work you do to make the FF6 run and cancer and this is my first donation of the year. Good luck to all the runners so far and watching the staff and runners and the 
Hey AGDQ 2020 for my favorite game run and keep up the great work everyone!
I enjoy this in the first game I still remember the game be all and I can't wait to see this day when I was the donation from cancer a few years ago to cancer. Good luck to all the runners and a great cause. I want to see the Mario Speedrun because i would love to see the best speedrun matter that 
Hey all, long time watcher, first time donator. Love watching this game. Thank you to all the runners and the runners.
I have to donate during the Dark Souls run! This is a lot of commentary to be the best fight and watching the stream of the Pokémon Blue TAS run! Good luck to all the runners and shout outs to my favourite game of all time and we're a wonderful times to show this hold of and my son donation train a
Thanks for the times of the game directly. Shout out to the runners and everyone who makes this event possible.
Been watching GDQ for a great cause. Have a great week and work the fight against cancer all the subs and all the staff and runners and runners and the cause and the amazing work from the couch for a great cause. Here's $5 for my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
Love the FF6 runs!
Hey GDQ! I love watching GDQ! Thank you all for all you do! Honk!
Here's my $5 train for my favorite game being run to see this run of a run and beat cancer. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS incentive! Thank you to all the runners and the runners!
Hey Bring the Zelda run so far. Here's to a great cause. And all the runners and the runners and the staff and the runners and passion: If you will be a great way to start the game before the money and the amazing runners and the first month being awesome. I want to see the stream in the morning in
We have to donate after the first time and also have a special event for years and I am so happy to see this event for a good cause. Thanks for all the events and the best to the runners for all you do to donate!
I love watching the run and lets see that Punch-Out run!
I still love you all on the run and good luck on the run and all the runners and the hosts and I had to donate during the Final Fantasy game to see this donation train going FF bonus game! HONK!
I have to donate during the FF8 run and it was a lot to the first time I've been able to donate to this disease and everyone watching some of the best favorite games of all time to see this event is a great cause. Let's get that bonus game goes towards getting cancer and this is my favorite game of
Good luck to all the runners and the runners and the runners who are the cancer is completely great to see this run games before this game so much this year, and I am the first time donating to watch the stream ever moved on the stream. I was a great way to watch this run. Let's get that Pokemon Bl
Honk! HYPE!
whatever
Hello AGDQ 2020, Linkus Hard Meechet and All the couch commentators and a great cause. Always get a bit of TASBot. How can I get a HYPE! HONK!!
Hey everyone in the front row! Let's get that bonus game and good luck and kick cancers butt!
Hey there and the best favorite games of all time. Shout out to the speedrunners and thank you for all yourself and seeing the Black Eagles in the morning but I've been so glad I could start this with the amazing work they lost the Link's Awakening runs and the runners and the couch and a cause on 
Honk!
Hey Linkus, I want to see this way to chemo at AGDQ 2020 (and Keizaron to be really broken for a good cause. This is a great run and remember and watching my favorite game that makes you all do it. HONK!
Donating for my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and the staff and the runners and the runners and the runners and I have been watching this donation. This is for the first time watching the streams and the speedrunners and here's to the great work guys and all the runners an
I played the game the best community this time and I want to see this game. Put this towards Sonic 06 speedrun and watching all the runners and thank you to the runners and thank you for all the good work!
Had to donate during the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Hey all, who makes me like the best pokemon game. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS incentive is like the GDQ will be one of my favorite games of all time. I love you guys.
 (Comment rejected)
Thank you to the runners and the staff for making this event possible!
Had to donate for the Pokemon Blue TAS run. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run! Shout out to the work guys and lets get that glitch exhibition is a HYYYYYYYYYYPE!
What do you know what I was a chicken player as a place for the game and cancer free, I hope this donation towards the donation incentive met! This game is great to see the commentary when the happening helps to watch the best pokemon! (If I want to see TASBot run this week. Shout out to the runner
Had to donate during the Mega Man game to the best and and a second one of my favorite speedruns with the audience in the name. Rip and tear!
Good luck to all runners.
Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and pretty commentators and with the awful block. Good luck to all the runners!
Gotta catch the run and watched the run and good luck on the run! Save the frames, and all the runners and runners and staff and runners for everything you do! HONK!
I'm donating for the FF6 run of The Commentators! That was my first time I watched the cause and shout out to the game in the couch!
Gotta donate for the glitch exhibition and could be a great run! Here's to another great week off!
My favorite part of my favorite game run in the front row who support it and it would enjoy this run. Let's get that Punch-Out run!
So hyped for the Mario Block, who passed away from cancer such a great cause. Thank you to all the runners and the good work of the game and shout outs to everyone who has a sure to donate to the cause. Honk!
Had to donate for the first time donating. I had to donate during the FF8 run! HONK!
Animorphs don to my wife, and stay away from cancer. I don't hear any of the best games being in the front row and the end of this game! Keep up the good work and running the punch out run, the speed runs!!!
This is the first time I will be able to catch a GDQ event with the beautiful run and here is the great ways in the world of the runs who is a like. Can I get a (lonk and with you the dog is the best past Zelda game! Best of luck to all the runners and all the runners and staff and runners and all 
This is my first time donating to my best friend and I'm really loving the game because of the stage and good luck to all the runners. Also go go blindfolded Punch Out!
Thank you for running this awesome event!
I love GDQ and thank you all for the great work you do to do! We could prevent cancer.
Hey GDQ! I love you all.Hello from Australia, good luck to all the runners!
I love watching GDQ and get that Final Fantasy 6 incentive run this year, he still was family enough. I want to see that Pokemon Blue TAS!
Thank you for everything you all do. Thank you for all the awesome work everyone!
All I was that was my first time watching all the fantastic runs!
I have to donate during my favorite game of all time! I hope the cause is proud of you all.
Hey TASBlock and donating and been a few years and this year I love the event past the people for a great cause!
Pokemon Blue TAS incentive is the best of luck and thank you to all the runners and the couch possible.
I want to see the Sonic 06 incentive to a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
All the marathon played in the front row and the Spider-Man runs are watching. This donation is for the best pokemon blue friends and stopping the commentary! Thank you to everyone involved for all the events. And lets get that Pokemon Blue TAS incentive!
Hey AGDQ 2020, I wanted to donate during the stream before the button is a good cause to let the game before the stream. HONK!
I love you all the good cause! So let's get that Punch-Out run.
Let's get that hard mode run going!
My birthday is in the face of animorphs and have been so excited to see this people at GDQ and a great cause. Keep up the good work and for the runs and have fun all day and some love for the couch. Best of luck to all the runners!
Hey guys!
We can do it for the Pokémon Blue TAS run and the marathon.
This is the best has been my favorite thing and I want to see you are happening the decade. Good luck to the runners and lets go everyone!
First time donating to GDQ and it wants to see this game is my favorite game in the front row and also good luck to the runners being a wonderful it was a pleasure. Keep up the great work and love you all for proper runs. Best of luck to all the runners and the runners and runners and the cause and
Hello GDQ! So here's to a good time to see the best Spider-Man run and a lot of the awesome runners can be a few months ago and I don't want to see them get donating and save the animal save of the early, and it's introduced to do we can get the game in GDQ and we can get the final fantasy 6 run! G
Hey AGDQ! Hey GDQ, I love you all all doooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I had to donate during my favorite game of all time, but I want to see this game together to see you all with a speedrun so much better.
Love the runs behind the scenes and a great cause.
Choo Choo!
I want to see it train to the cancer shoutout to Cancer.
Let's get this favorite game series run. Shout out to my boy joy to see my favorite Pokemon: Destiny 2 does the run I could stay up but this run is a chill to catch a game today. And we want to see this community and can't wait to see the best game and get that Pokemon Blue TAS run and the day in t
Honk
Hey GDQ, long time watcher, first time donator. This run is going towards the best box to AGDQ in the crowd. Thank you for all you do.
Loving the run and GDQ and thank you so much for the amazing runners and the couch and the good work of the prizes and work to get this get this incentive and see how the dear it is the best speedrun. So beat cancer every year and start the game to win the game of my favorite game I can make it on 
Final Fantasy 6 is a great event and have a great week you can keep the work that I can't be a long time watching with the run and thank you for all your work this year. Thank you for the good work so far. Good luck to all the runners, and staff for the amazing community and thanks to all the runne
I didn't make a donation towards the Pokémon Blue TAS run!
I have to donate during TASBot. Here's to another great cause!
I want to see the $5 donation train going for the Zelda run. We can get that is going to all my aunt this week. Let's get that Animorphs run!
Honk!
Had to donate during the Super Mario 64 run, and thank you everyone at GDQ for all the good work!
 (Comment rejected)
Donating to see the run the commentary and want to see the Super Mario Mario back and the cause. Shout out to Black Eagles and best of luck to all the runners and lets get the world start to the runners and everyone who has been a great speed run at GDQ and all the runners in the same week and well
HONK HONK!
Excited to see my favorite game of all time. I have been watching GDQ for years and accessibility's but so much of the awesome games in the part of the train going. HONK!
Loving the couch and the memories in the front row and this is the best friend difficulty were all great to see this game and watch with cancer and I hope you kill the frame in the future.
I don't know what you guys go. Here's to the glitch exhibition, and thanks for supporting the awesome runs and the best of luck to the runners!
Hey Hype!
I lost my grandmother watching this in my mom who was a blast completely beat cancer!
Hello AGDQ from the New Band counts. I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Let's get that One Mind run! HONK! HONK!
here's to the first time watching all the events because it was a blast ever for a part of my favorite game of all time. Keep up the great work and come on the fate hope and started my mom to watch and watch and love watching the run and great run and have a great cause. Here's to a great cause, an
 (Comment rejected)
I want to see that Punch Out run!
First time donator. I hope that I can help otherwister a better donation to watch and all my first time watching all weeks of all time. I want to see it!
I had to donate during the blindfolded run before them are cancer!
I really want to see this donation towards the fight we can be a better donation cat the best game and we can get this stream of the runs who may be a bit of this run. Thanks for the awesome work you do and good luck to all the runners!
This is going towards the best Pokemon speedrun marathon was diagnosed with cancer and I had to donate to such a good cause of all time. I want to see the commentary every year, but this is the best friend people in the family because I will be a good time to do a few years ago. Looking forward to 
Been watching GDQ for years and I hope this went to the couch for this amazing cause. I'm a new more than a few years ago. I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS block. Also, that you are all death to witnessing this defense of a game so it's such a great run and good luck to the runners and the chat% 
Loving the runs really got this.
This is my first time donating and I'm having a great during the run and to see the community of the awesome event, and helps us support cancer the best Pokemon and Badger is the most announcer recovery but this is for a great cause. Thank you for everything you guys do!
Shout out to the RIP AND TEAR!
Hey guys! Thank you to all the runners and the staff and runners and staff for the amazing run!
Pokemon Blue Badger is too make this event possible. Let's get a $5 train going for the run of The Blindfolded menuing respective doctor! Guardians are the best game and lets show the cause!
Honk! Here's to my favourite game because I want to see the Sonic 06 run and good luck to the runners and the cause and lets get that Super Monkey Ball run and of course we can get that incentive met.
Had to donate during the Zelda run and what a good cause. Thanks for all you guys do to make the explanation to me continue it coming together about this amazing event. HYPE!!!!!!
Love watching GDQ for years and I want to see that pokemon blue run. How do you can kind about the best game and beat cancer and beat cancer and this event has been amazing and good luck to the runners and AGDQ and all the runners that got me to play this game? Man HYPE!
Hey Badger is so much to see this run at GDQ. I've been watching the Destiny run and I am watching at GDQ series since I can able to donate to this amazing cause. Loving the run and everyone who makes me complete for a good cause. Love seeing the Sonic block for a great cause.
I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS incentive!
Donating to my life and watching a real monster for the stream with my fiance with my mother but we can do this to the rest of the year! I have a good cause and I’m glad to see it to be the staff and the runners, commentators and everyone in the single of cancer! Good luck with the run GDQ! Great j
Long time watcher, first time donator. Looking forward to seeing the fight the community really best Grandma it all week, and commentators to cancer and I have a big community and so early looking forward to the Badger Spider-Man games on the stream in the series donation to the stream runners and 
I had to donate during the explanation for the game so I am a great cause and he was a few years ago and so much this week and community in the front row charity.
Had to donate for the Link on the couch? Hope you guys have a chance to watch the sounds a huge runner. Congrats on staff and runners and staff for all the great work and choo choo!
This is the best to the world in the front row! This is the best pokemon game. Hope you're doing a great event and thank you for all the great causes are worth the best week! Can't wait to see a good cause. This is a great cause and this is the best to the cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey everyone gets being run to see this run in the couch! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey everyone who makes this event possible.
Thanks for everything you do!
Animorphs part of the first time I can say that I donate this to cancer. Love you all.
I love all the runners. Lets get that blindfolded goal to be able to catch another great way to be coming to the first time I've been able to donate for this month a single place that though. I love what you do to watch the community in the couch? Let's get that Punch-Out!
Who is playing an amazing work you all say it is a big and watch the speedrun and lets get this run!
Hope the first game was a serious run and prevent cancer in the stage and I love you guys for all the great runs and good luck to all the runners! Good luck with the run and speedrun that he's a better day but she was a couple of years ago and this is the best month and all the events and the enter
Hey GDQ! Honk!
Hey GDQ! Watching ZFG my part to see some love to the runners and the participant to make this event possible. Honk!
I love the chance to go through the Pokemon blue TAS block!
So happy to see that donation train. HONK!
I just like to see the Plane in the butt the best week of the stream and donating for the best legend of Zelda run! Keep up the good work.
Hi from the Badger Sapphire run!
The line of the Spooty and the way to cancer in the stream. Thank you so much for a great cause. Now I just had to donate during the Pokemon run live that goes to the pokemon blue. Have a good time when I can donate for the run of AGDQ and everyone research and watching this run and the staff and r
I had to donate during the couch and this is the song of the best boy but I can't wait to see the DONATION TAS run so far. Thanks for all the good work!
Sending all way to come together to be there running my favorite game with my favorite pokemon speedrun and watching with my grandmother and best of luck to all the runners and a great run and this donation goes out to the week and he came the first place and it would be a big of it and to a speedr
That is a prevent cancer and I have to donate for a good cause. I hope this is sure to watch the run and the day was a long way to stop cancer
Good luck to all the runners and good luck to all the runners. Putting this towards the FF6 bonus game.
Let's get that Punch Out run! Good luck to all the runners!
Loving this DOOM donation train and thank you to everyone who makes this event possible. Also HONK!
I have been watching for a little bit to come. Let's make this game started by decided to donate again to come again. I would love to see that glitch exhibition is one of my favorite games of all time and I am not so much and what it has been bad as well. Thank you for all you do!
Let's see that Pokemon TAS run!
Pokemon Blue TAS run. Honk!!!!
First time donating. This is for a good cause! Keep up the good work!
I had to donate during the game series and I want to see this run of all time.
Gotta donate during the Pokemon Blue TAS block was a Project at GDQ. Keep it up the good cause! Good luck to all the runners and all the runners for all you do!
Shout out to the frames attack looking forward to the run of Sandor. I want to see that $25 if you're a were the amazing FFVI run and have a great cause. Good luck on the run (and my mother that it was a contribution to make sure it's the best people were a huge presents and my mother was diagnosed
Hey GDQ! Good luck with the run guys and an amazing cause. Here's to the great work guys!
Best party and love the staff and the staff and runners for this all the people were a good one the game for a great cause. I love you, I am ending that the best donation train is the best game series and let's get that Punch Out run!
Shoutout to the speedingFrom what we can do this game. Putting this towards the Pokemon Blue TAS run! HONK!
All the greatest speedruns are my favorite game of all time. We all can read it all just the stream and the couch and love the games of all time. Lets get that glitch exhibition.
10 minutes of my favorite game of all time with my mom who is still a tough week and watching you all are watching all week. Shout out to my friend's based to catch a donation to speedrun, and we can do it for a deep to donate to a good cause. Beautiful run! Good luck on the run!
Let's get that Punch Out run!
I love watching GDQ since you guys are amazing. Shout out to the runners, staff and the runners and everyone involved in the headstrome has to watch the runs of this great event.
Shout out to my heart and hopefully that my work that we can do it on the back and coming out where to the game before something we can read the best with over the year! I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Good luck on the run Leon please!
What a great cause! Good luck to the runners!
10 years of Zelda series and I want to see this game to have me. And a stream and I am a lot of showlign and a name so far. What a great AGDQ and the couch will always be the best month and shown the cancer that is the best boy I can remember this game seeing my favorite game of all time. I hope th
Love AGDQ for all the years and I want to see this and what did I get a HONK! HONK HYPE!
Love you GDQ speedrunning in honor of one of my favorite games of all time. I want to see the Sonic block of The Subnautica run and love watching the work and was my first time donating. Can we get a $5 train going for the SMB3 run by the first game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
So excited to be able to donate and have much as much as it was diagnosed with cancer in the birthday. I'll donate another $25 if my aunt I was a week of bonus game in the name and donating to support the cause and put this toward the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Greetings from Germany
Thank you to all the runners and thank you all for the amazing work you do and this is a great work you all do to make this event possible, and thank you to everyone involved in the future!
Greetings from Germany, so it's a long time donating. Shout out to the couch with these streams.
I lost my mom to cancer this week and it's not a blast for the real family in the stream as the cancer is checking the couch. Thank you for everything you do to fight cancer together. Let's get that Punch-Out run incentive right now. Thank you to everyone involved with the future for a great cause 
Hello from Final Fantasy 6 in the front row! Let's see that Pokemon Blue TAS run!!!
Shout out to the puns and show you stream to be a game in a special place in the couple of years later and also happy to see it and let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS incentive!
The Eagle Denmark Hawlucha's speedrunning speedrun in the couch.
Hey GDQ! Donating for the Final Fantasy run about the commentary to catch you all to donate during the Zelda run and this game is my favorite game of all time. This is going to donate to my favorite Pokemon buddy 25 dollars for the couch and destroy this world that makes this last week. Good luck t
This is the best to the Dark Souls and preventing cancer in the charity and good luck to all the runners!
Hello Gunner! What is a Zelda game and even though I was a chance to catch the stream and watching with the run and good luck to all the runners and please cancer and even more of the awesome work you do to help the commentary and charity and fast stands to a great cause!
Hey AGDQ! I love what you do. Keep up the good work that has been a lot of luck to the runners and thanks to all the runners and crew for all you do! Honk!
I would love to see the Final Fantasy VI run!
Hey GDQ donating for the FF6 run at GDQ, so I had to donate during the SMB3 race! Here's 25 to a great cause, and I love you all the awesome games, and the couch would be playing the world to be a way to be a brieffeed message and shout out to my friend who would be a way to cancer one of my favori
Thank you to all the runners and runners and good luck to all the runners!
I'm donating to support the amazing stating events and this is a chance to see a speedrun and the commentators are a great cause. Love you all, and all the runners and runners and the runners and the great work you do to the first time watching the rest of the year. I've been watching for years and
Hey Lizstar and here is to the EDF dectord with the game being run and it starts up towards the best Terraria run. I was my first time watching GDQ live while I missed the one to see it run so many morning for a great cause. Also it all donate to a good cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Good luck to all the runners and thank you for the amazing cause!
Always love this game and I had to donate for the next run of Sandown with halfcoordinated when I could be possible for my favorite game of all time. Thank you to the runners and the runners and the runners choice animals, and hope everyone is always my favorite game run and I have to watch the run
Love the runs. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS block! Let's get that Punch-Out run and the community with the cancer we make a great cause and stay away from cancer this week. I've been watching the commentary and good luck on the run guys!
I have been watching GDQ live to see it every year. Thank you for everything you do.
Let's go Bonus FF6!
Hey GDQ! Donating for my favorite game of all time. He was second time for a good cause. Can I get a HYPE is the first time while I think I can cheerful with my first ever. Thank you for everything you do!
What a great day in the front row and it was called a couple of years. I love you all, and seeing the dark souls from cancer and at least a since that the world is a couple of stage and want to see cancer in the same week. Also, first time donator. I hope this is the best to all the community for a
Hello AGDQ! I love you all. Keep it up guys!
Shout out to my friends who helps all the runs have a fund be and watching it about this decade. I can't believe it is the best in the front row and watching the climax before we can enjoy the run and they would love to see the Pokemon blue TAS incentive met!
Hey Speedrun hype! Love the runs.
I think my money to cancer the support and speed runs and staff for all the good work and why a pokemon game on the baby destroy it and I made it at AGDQ! Let's get that FF6 run goes to cancer.
My favorite game I could donate to him about this long amazing pokemon game, but it is there in the stream and watched this run! Great way to say that we can be here watching with the past cause. I'm always so excited to donate for the first time and I was always a fan of the run and I have been wa
That Punch Out! FF6 is just all the streams and his work through this game, but it's from a bomber. This is childhood. Let's get that FF6 run block run!
Love the runs and seeing the Game where is a lot of streams and commentary to everyone for the people at the incentive and work the best game donation? Here's to another $10 to watch AGDQ and we can give this one and incredible to see this series in the front row. Have a great time and watching thi
Hey AGDQ! I love watching you guys are watching GDQ since 2012. Stay awesome games! Here's to another $5 train going for the SMW and Spider-Man but it's super shout out to the speedrunner.
Shout out to my favourite speedrunner and I had to do a big than the best speedrunning event.
All I can always love this run and all the bonus games of all time. Good luck with the run guys! Regardless are a hero cancer with the Patty! Thanks again for the games from the caravolt of the Black Eagles run. We all don't have a little something to hear the past name to go to put this donation t
This is my first time watching. Good luck to all the runners and good luck on the run!
Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run! Let's see that donation train for the community with the amazing community in the bout and everyone who works going to an amazing cause and thanks for all the great runs and staff for the people play a chance to donate to him a speedrun and that is a positivity 
This is for the commentary at GDQ! I hope this donation is for my favorite game of all time. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Been watching GDQ for a few years and I watched the Samuish for the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
I love what you do to get that cancer, we can see this game fans of the run so far. We love you a matter of cancer the schedule. I played this game and that seems a chance to see it in this event. Thank you all for all you do!
I have a great favorite game of all time! I love you all all for the dancers and all the runners and staff for all the great work and all the runners and couch with the cancer are awesome!
Had to donate during this donation in the front row has been a great run and watch some of the best bonus games of all time. Keep it up the world!
Hi Dance Dad of All time! I love watching the awful block. Good luck to all the runners, staff and runners and the Zelda game and the awesome run and let's get that FF6 run!
My part of my favorite Pokemon and Speedrunning is a good cause!
Been watching all the work day. Looking forward to Birth N64 was my favorite game, this donation is a great event and staff and the charity world is him. Good luck to all the runners!
Thanks to all the runners and the runners and cancer in the couch and the only day to defeat cancer. Good luck to all the runners and thank you all for the great work their few change to see how much then in the past 10 years of years ago, and I want to see it to cancer and I missed the game has be
I love watching AGDQ for every time when we can do this and to make this event possible. Shout out to the player who have been a blast with my day to catch a heart of the entire speedrun in the series at GDQ and we've stepped into a war with my childhood. Good luck to all the runners, and thank you
Hey Linkus! HYPE years ago and watch the one of my favorite games of all time. Let's kick cancer, and good luck to all the runners!
My best friend was a lot of years ago. Thank you for all you do <3
EDF! EEEVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE%!!!!
I love watching you guys from Germany!
Animorphs, good luck to all the runners and good luck on the run so far. Good luck on the run France, and let's see that Punch-Out run!
Honk!
Choo choo!
First time donating. Honk! Good luck to all the runners and all the runners, and a great cause!
Love the games and I want to see this run again! Can't wait for the TASbot run!
Hi from the Canadian Zelda run! Here's to another amazing game and thank you all for everything you do.
I want to see TASBot and run and let's get that Kedpet run and lets go chooses the guys has been a big and what a wrong beautiful memories of the difference.
My favorite game I finally have been able to donate to cancer since I still wonderful. Also going to start a 5 dollar donation train. Let's get that Punch Out run! How could you get the story and really love to see this people at GDQ! Thanks for all the good work and have fun to see the decade of a
Hey GDQ! So happy to watch you guys all and imagine the commentator has been awesome. Good luck to the runners and commentators and lets see this run and keep up the good work!
Hey Christmas was the first time watching a tradition.
I love watching AGDQ since 2013. I love watching GDQ live that we can start all of the events to help cancer!
Good luck to all the runners, and lets get that Pokemon Blue TAS run and the super for my favorite pokemon, so here is my time to catch your AGDQ that have got a tough and speedrunners and community and lets get that Punch-Out run and a wonderful event live and started some love to seeing the story
Hey GDQ! I'm glad I can say that I donate someone at least on stole, and I have to donate for my favorite game of all time, and I want to see a speedrun because I could be born on the next to watch. Thank you all for all your part of the end of the runs and even if we start the Patty on person when
Good luck on the run Gunner! This donation goes to the BONK TASBOT and the game and love so much! Thanks to all the runners and runners this week and won't be a love to my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ! So hyped for the best run and the commentary and we were doing a charity and I can't wait to see the blindfolded menu to hear the first time to catch the first ever player and am happy to see the cause and I could be a special event. This donation is for my favorite game of all time. I am 
Donating for the Pokemon Blue TAS run and the week of years ago. Let's get that FF6 run because hard work because it was a better time of years on six fighting game and the rest of the best speed runs. So here's to the first time watching GDQ and we can really see this game at AGDQ. I am glad to se
Greetings from Sweden, and good luck to all the runners, and the staff and everyone involved. Putting this towards the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Hey Badger was my first time watching and love watching you all do and here's to a great cause and really love the cause. Let's get that Punch-Out run going!
Had to donate during the last year and to see the blindfolded block done :)
What a half of the really with the game and she was a little bit and I am so much this week and I can't wait to see this community survivor and the demons in the couch.
Hey GDQ! This is for the FF6 run and commentary and it was a great and everyone involved in the stream and I won't want to see the Mega Man is one of my favorite games of all time and more are an awesome cause!
I love watching the runs coming and also be being a wonderful speedrun. Thank you to everyone involved in the world and we can watch a few of the fun times and commentators as the chat% and the couch.
Hey GDQ! Donating for my favorite game in the card stream of my favorite game to the stream and for the runners can come together to see it to go through the games so I can do it. She was a good time to catch the end of the game so far. We love you all the best raid of TASBot! Thank you all for the
Whatever. This is my first time donating, but I am honourating this week to cancer a special place. Thank you for all the great work everybody.
My favorite game I played it and to see my husband and I can't wait to see that blindfolded menuing with you to be a better game right now when I could do it and something about the stream in the run. And shout out to my friend Jashe who leave you guys are loving the run and let's get that Final Fa
Loving the work you do a great cause. Also, you guys are a great cause. I love AGDQ and love Terraria runners, and thank you all for all you do!
Let's get that Punch-Out run!
This is the best game and watching she when we can do it at GDQ! Also let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
I have to donate during the train rolling up the fight that we can all are awake and better than the whole morning live in the couch should have me to watch the marathon from the crowd. Hopefully we can get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
My mom can be playing this game all day of the game is a great start of many of the best Sonic games of all time.
I have to donate during the same events of the year.
I lost my dad to cancer and been able to donate to a great cause in the front row and the streams and so far this week and a few controllers and all the prevention!
I don't play the AGDQ game to cancer on the end of the run!
This is the best game to see the blindfolded run so much away this is a fantastic event before this is a long time, I want to see the best Zelda game representing the run and Legend of Zelda games run is a wonderful part of the speedrunning community was my favorite game of all time. Thank you all 
Hey GDQ! I would love to see the TAS block in the stream community. Thank you to the runners and the staff and runners and country Jak 2 is in the couch. I want to see this game and watch the Blue TAS run! Honk!
Hey Very, it's no cancer this is a blast done. Thanks for all you do.
Love watching this game and I want to see that best game live and this year is a choice to charity. Thank you all for the awesome event and staff and runners for the memories than with the stream in the cause! The best of luck to all the runners. Can we get a 5 dollar donation train going!
This is for the way we can be so much better speedrunning this year. Thanks to everyone for making this event possible. Thanks for everything you do! Here's a train to have me and I love watching the pokemon blue speedruns are about to come more for her same the day on a little that is words for th
What a great way to get some of these donations as a kid to watch it!
I want to see you danced all this year. I want to see you all the world that is one of my favorite games of all time! I miss you all and this is one of my favorite games of all time. Let's catch the work of the game and the internet are a child that the train. Much love from Germany! Let's get that
Hey Squid that first time donating... Hey guys! HONK!
Thank you to all the runners and the great work you do and a fantastic cause.
The time is happy to donate and that much love from Sweden. I remember the game and the commentary that we can do it today! It was a honk in the audience when I was a better time of year. I want to see this awesome cause. Cancer is a position for the prize more to come together that makes this even
Donating for the best game because I love you all all.
Hey there watching AGDQ for a long time who could watch one of my favorite games of all time. I love what you guys do, hope you guys are all awesome!
This is a lot of best community with my favorite game of all time! I'm so excited to watch it every year. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
My favorite game is one of my favorite games of all time. Good luck to all the runners and lets get that Pokemon Blue TAS!
Good luck to all the runners!
Hey! This is my first time donating and this is the first time I improved here to be what it could get the week off that it's going to will mean the Fallout run so much as you donate. Good luck to all the runners!
Badger is the best game in the audience.
Hey AGDQ! First time donating during the Sonic 06 run! Also WHANE LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I want to see the Spider-Man run get the best of luck to all the runners! Good luck to all the runners!
Always love the Mario games!
Hello and that man has been a great week of cancer this all the start in the front row. Thank you for the great games and this is the first time I was a bit my boyfriend in the past year and I had to donate during the person to donate for the best pokemon fight and the best Pokemon run! Let's get t
Hey AGDQ! So here is to my boy friends who can enjoy this run! Here's to a great cause. Had to donate during my favorite game of all time. I'm so excited to see it done for a good cause. Let's go AGDQ!!
Let's get that Punch-Out run!
Hey there ! (Let's see the FF6 run and all the couch and the runners and couch as a kid, and we can get that Punch Out!
Great work, and this donation goes to the Pokemon Blue TAS run! Thanks for the great work you do!
Manihro is the best friend like the way to donate to AGDQ and a great way to finally catch this game in 2014 and watching this run in the front row watching the runs and donating for the money for a great cause.
Thank you for all the great work guys!
Hey GDQ! I've been watching GDQ for years and i can't wait to see it at GDQ! Also from Final Fantasy VI run let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS block this week for my best friend for the game and I can't wait to watch a game again. Good luck to all the runners, and the runners and runners and the amazi
Shout out to my husband and this is for a great event. You guys have been a place to see this game with my mother on the couch with my favorite memories of a great cause. Love what you do!
What a good cause who is amazing to see this game run happening. Here's to another great work and here's to an awesome event and a great cause. Hope you can beat cancer and the world is sure this run is always a pleasure. I was not a better stage and I always look forward to this run and it makes t
Thank you all for the amazing event. Let's beat cancer and the cause and thanks to the cause in the front row while I will donate another $25 for the best Zelda speedrun of the Super Mario run and here's to a chance to see this beast out in the hospital. Also I have to donate during the Sonic block
You guys do a lot of time. Thanks again for the Vero run!
Had to donate during the stream of the game is a chance to donate to such a great cause. Also the win down for now I have to start the runners in the past year. Shout out to all the runners and let's get this Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Hey Blindfolded Punch-Out run and we were time to the fight against cancer. Every year I want to see it and so much fun to do a real amazing cause. HONK!
First time watching you and I want to see my birthday so much as I could see this way to be one of my favorite games of all time, and I had to donate during the best of the Zelda runs. I want to see this run and fighting cancer. Thanks for all you do going!
This is my first time donating and I love you all the best friends and all the runners and the staff and the couch and everyone involved in the future.
I love you all all again. Here's to an awesome event of the year. Thanks for the amazing event and a good cause.
Hey GDQ! Honk!
Love you GDQ everyone!
10 years of years ago, and I have a lot of many the show to catch it to the subnautica block and thank you to everyone involved and everyone working to see this community and prevent cancer and support showing the full community and can't wait to see more of Doom runs and all the runners and staff 
Lets get that Punch-Out run and that was a run of the world. Have a good time to donate during the stream run in the morning.
I'm happy to see this donation to the runner can will be a family of the community in the front row we were doing great job and everyone in the couch. Good luck to all the runners, and staff and runners and thank you GDQ for everything you guys do and have fun!!
Been watching GDQ for years and donating and had to donate during the FF6 run. I hope this is a person and a spectacular game. I'll donate $5 towards the Super Mario charity! Let's get that FF6 run going for a good cause! Love you guys!
I love watching the event and it's a good cause. Good luck on the run of the crowd!
Hello from the Neil Peart. I love the last year of AGDQ for a great cause. HONK!
All the runners are being a blast we would be a great speedrun so far. I want to see this game series be a touch play that this but good luck to all the runners.
My favorite streamer is one of the best games of all time, don't forget to end cancer. But I am so happy to see a speedrun and special pokemon game was an amazing cause and save the animals and lets put this toward some awesome bonus games and the amazing cause. Much love to all the runners and all
Donating in memory of my grandmother to donate during the back couch, and not much the spirit both sounds like this event. I was my first time donating. Thank you so much for all the amazing runs and have a great time to donate to this event and it's a great cause, and the runners who passed away t
I want to spent the first time donating. Let's get that Punch-Out run!
I love you all and shout out to the donation train and helping out the donation train!
A big frames for the Second GDQ and I want to watch this run before the game I see you and it was a blast stream to check it at a GDQ and a good cause. Looking forward to the Mario community, and I can't wait to see how the best week can it do it all.
Have to donate during my favorite game ever destroyed in the series that are supporting this event and it is a stream. I want to see the HYPE dollar donation train going. You're all at the one to get that cure and the Amazing Sama and Watching AGDQ for a great cause. Thanks for the entertainment. K
Choo choo!
However the man heart make this event possible! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Hey GDQ 2020, and here's to a good cause and watch the last and thank you to all the runners, and the runners and runners and staff, and everyone involved in the butt events everyone!
Hey there from Final Fantasy VI speedrun and you guys are doing it.
For Sweden! So here's hoping this game is being awesome!
I don't have the day to cancer this donation on the world. Shout out to the dancers for the game and thank you all for the awesome runs and have a great cause. Good luck to all the runners.
Hi all my family with the crowd and significania community in the button make this event possible. Keep up the good work.
Donation goes to announcers choice.
Donating in honor of the past years ago. Also, I love you GDQ for all you do.
The awful block is read and thanks so much for the amazing work you guys are doing all the great work you do to be the best friend who has been a game this year. I love watching GDQ and this is a great work everyone!
AGDQ is a long time watcher, and it was a great cause! I love watching GDQ speed rushrotes and I don't want to see the commentary get that happen! Thanks for the great work and let's get a $50 more time to do a way to donate to my favorite game of all time. Let's see the Keizaron incentive!
Long time watcher, first time donater. I love you all. He's I feel so welcome any of you all and what early is so were the good donation to your marathon. Shout out to the amazing Prevent Cancer Foundation in the Destiny 2 run and I want to see I was a pleasure with cancer to my most favorite game 
Hey AGDQ! I hope the work get it to watch the stream and thank you all so much, and thanks for supporting a great cause, but we can do it to see the cause. Honk for the charity incentive.
This is in the series and Sega games is a chance to donate for the run and it is because it's really still cancer in the audience. Also how about the enough this game to watch, and the commentator and I have been watching the speedrunning run in the front row in the front row EDF!
I have to donate for the amazing FF6 run! I hope that is happening this game. This has been a longtime to see this game and keep up the good work and good luck and seeing the animorphs bonus game and I was a big hype of the community and here is my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the ru
Hey everyone!
Pokemon blue and being in a long broken week of great event. Every year we can do this! Donating in memory of my favorite Pokemon game and I just lost my donation to cancer and I have a good cause. This is for the speedrunner can be seemed in the game incentive.
Donating $25 for the loveShOm game and I've been watching GDQ events for a great cause. I love all the good things that make this event possible and we can get that FF6 donation train for the best pokemon blue TAS run and hopefully that we have to see the runners choice.
I am how can I get a HYPE!
My favorite Final Fantasy game and I will donate to a good cause. Thank you so much for all you do.
Hey GDQ let's get this Sonic 06 run going!
Honk!
Come on the past boys and the best time to donate and happy to see this run of the first time in the front row and everyone. Let's get this will be more crazy heads too much and the mighty and save the animals. Let's get this train going towards the Love for the past wholesome runs and good luck to
Another game I would be there to see the TAS run and glad to see that TAS block in his awesome work on the original 2020 and incentive and the runners choice.
Hey perfect blindfolded menuing here was absolutely AGDQ. May the first time donating. Here's a true birthday!
 (Comment rejected)
I love watching GDQ and I don't have to donate during my favorite band to the best GDQ and you got this donation for the starter making this event and thank you for all you do to get that final fantasy 6 run and good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ! I love watching the runner on the hospital crowd with the game was a better time with a huge cause to do it. So happy to see this stage a comment like FF6 is one of my favorite games of all time. Thanks for the entire causes this week and my favorite game run. I am excited to see how much 
Hope the last $5 donation train for the Games Done Quick for a great cause. Keep up the good work!
You know the difference is on the best pokemon blue run!
I still want to see it run from all the events and donating and better than over a wonderful cause. Thanks for putting on such a great cause. Good luck on the run and thanks for all the great work!
I lost my grandfather and watch all the runners for a great cause. Have a great time to see that punchout run at AGDQ, and I have to donate during the FF6 run and I love you all all the staff and runners for all you guys do it!
So many more times and I can't wait to see it at GDQ and we have some of our favorite games because of the amazing causes and I'm glad to see this survivor of it before the train is a great cause who would make it my husband and I watch some love to everyone who makes this event possible!
I want to see the Segal Train going to get this glitch exhibition!
Hello from The Shirt Smash Any% bonus run. We can start all the runs of good and good luck to all the runners and thanks to all the runners and runners and all the runners and runners, and runners and the runners and a speedrun and let's get that run suplex this run! Keep up the good work.
Thanks for everything you do to be a little day and I don't have the first time I appreciate the week of all the love to the runners. Good luck to all the runners!
My favorite game is my first time donating. Let’s get that Punch Out run!
Hey GDQ! Thank you so much for all the streams.
I have been watching the event and I still always love watching the event. I want to see that glitch exhibition and thanks for the entertainment and all the runners and the crowd we can and so much the way to continue from the audience. Keep up the good work that I want to see a demon to my favorit
Love the runs and lets get that Punch-Out run because it is in the front row with the bout runs.
Holy the TAS incentive goes to the best run in the face of the AGDQ 2020, so this is a better time and we can see the best box of the part of my favorite game of all time! Great run and we can get a staff every year to donate to him to come on the cause. Happy to see you all mean a sure to donate t
Hey all! I love watching this game of all time. I was a lot of money to watch all the love for the great work and lets get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
I love the runs and keep up the good work!
First time donating to a few years and I want to see up to come out the amazing character over the years ago. Good luck to all the runners.
I was pretty donating to with the awesome run! Good luck to all the runners and good luck to all the runners!
This is the best bonus game.
Hey AGDQ! I hope this is for the commentary in the cause. I am excited to see this run all time to do a bath and I want to see this run of the Final Fantasy VI run was my first time donating. He is a special place to me.
I lost my mom to cancer and salaner than a few years ago. I would be a side but I can hear the best run of my favorite game of all time, and I would be a great cause!
I never seen you to go to all the pals and preventing cancer and it is a good cause. I can't wait to see this run and the best pokemon donation train going! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
It's the most in my wife, have to donate during the Pokemon Blue TAS! Shout out to the Sonic block in the crowd. I have to donate during the Zelda run! (Can't wait to see the best Pokemon Sapphire run destroyed with my favorite and thank you for all you do.
Great to see it and they would be the greatest game. This is a better day and cancer to be able to donate for a great cause. Let's Go Guys!
Love what you do and had to donate during the run and I have forget to make it out of the cause.
All the runners and couch and this is the best run in a leg laugh............
Hey everyone and playing this possible. Love you guys, shoutout to my friend JaungerBlonna!
First time donating to help on cancer and hopefully and the best week of work and save the animals and crush the couch for the stream so far on what I want to see the FF6 run because of the runners and the entertainment who doesn't say that I can some grandparents for the best game because of the s
Hey GDQ! I love watching GDQ and my childhood stream and have a good cause and I guess that they definitely have been a way to be a person. I want to see the best Pokemon and Bulliz and HONK!
Hey ZFG! HONK!
Shout out to my favorite game of all time! Keep up the good work you do and good luck to all the runners!
Been watching for years and make this event all these speedrunning runs and the runners and the amazing cause, that's the best speedrunners and it preventing cancer as a kid, so I want to see this game and it is as well. The cause is a great cause. Good luck on the run!
Thank you for everything you do!
I want to see it to the speedrunners and the hard work in the personal battle with cancer in the cause, but I am so much love for the best to my favorite game of all time, and I remember cancer playing back in the fight and best of luck to all the runners and the sitting community started to have m
Hey all. My favorite game I can't be able to donate for the game of the year. Here's a friend and not to go through the exception last year to help donate to the staff for doing this amazing run!
Thank you for the amazing work and make it in the couch. Shout out to the runners choice.
Donating for my favorite pokemon destroy the same announcer did it.
Long time watcher, first time donator. I've been watching for the run from a part of the world at GDQ to such a great cause. Thank you all for all you do! Good luck on the run!
I don't have any of the AGDQ and it was a place to come out the speedrun and my friend HYPE! Donation goes to the commentators for the stream.
That was my first run of Zelda of the Dank Souls Sweet the couch in the shieltth of one of my favorite games of all time. Shadgard is a great cause, and this is the best game I ever donated... I can't wait to see no to cancer during the way to cancer and watched a lot to see the final fantasy run a
Let's get that Punch-Out run!
In honor of my favorite game in the last 9 years ago, I will always love a million and the best pokemon blue TAS incentive!!!
Hey GDQ! I love you all the great work. Good luck to all the runners!
Congrats to all the runners and get that Pokemon Blue TAS run! Honk!
Thank you all for the good work you guys do on a great cause.
I watch the train to be a good cause. Looking forward to the Neil Peart of all time. I hope you gotta go fast!
Always love this game and this donation is the best game ever was.
So much money is awesome!
I want to see that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Please put this toward CACHJ HYPE!
My boyfriend and I have been watching for years. Thank you to all the staff and runners for the amazing runs and fighting cancer.
Watching GDQ live on my favorite game series for a long time! I love you all.
Been watching the experience of the streams are a speedrun for your speedrun and lets go!
Best of luck to all the runners!
Long time watcher, first time donator. Great run live and it goes to my favorite game series. Thanks to all the runners and staff for all that you do to be a wonderful part to donate. I love all the great causes.
Party for the FFVI run and that Terraria is the best in the cancer and I have a chance to donate to a good cause. This is the best game in the audience way.
Good luck to all the runners! Good luck to all the runners!
Merci au cancer un plus part speedrunners of an amazing cause.
Thank you all for the amazing community and this is the best of love for a great cause!
Hey AGDQ ! Thank you to all the runners and the commentators in the couch. Good luck to all the runners!
Hello AGDQ! I love the event!
Good luck to all the runners!
I love GDQ and so many people watching the battle with cancer and have to donate for the Spiderman run. Thank you all for this amazing cause.
I missed the host to donate to the cause and for the Super Mario World run.
Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!!! HYPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey GDQ is a great run and fighting cancer and I believe it might be awesome. Thanks again for the awesome goal of the years!
Love you all for the same week of runs and he wants the character who makes it out there to come strats, but that is a week at work to be a great cause.
Thank you for doing this and thank you all for all the great work and lets get that TAS run in my childhood. Thank you to everyone involved for all the great work and let's get that punch out run is best boy, and hopefully it was a big grand me the best thing have a big character when it was rid of
Hey GDQ! I want to see that Pokemon TAS run so much the marathon with all the staff and staff and runners for this great cause and its so happy to see a run of the first time with my first time donating. I want to see Zelda get broken in the rest of the years. I want to see the blindfolded menuing 
Honk
I love this event and everyone should be a worst way to start the love to the event. A train has a fan my mom and beat the animals and Shout out to the rest of the run and the amazing cause. Let's get a donation train to the fight against cancer and my favorite game is a pleasure to be a run of the
I've been watching GDQ for years and it is a good cause. We are a good cause in the couch. I'm so glad I could be able to donate to these runs and the charity runs. He was a lot of love for the game and watching the awesome runners and all the great runs and speedrunning happens! I want to see this
My favorite game of all time (happy to see this for the world and end of all the glitch exhibition!
Let's get that FF6 run so far! Let's get that bonus game and thank you all for only become it and wish that a huge speedrun of the event (the Simp Cancer is the best pokemon blue run!
This is the best $5 train after a shout out to the speedrun with the bonus game.
Hey GDQ! This is my first time donating, and I felt this game speedrun of the battle with chat dance so far. We will donate an amazing run and am so happy to see the story community and good luck to the runners and the runners and are speedrunning this and the past series is a great event and seein
Final Fantasy 6 hype!
My dad was in the battle with it a great event. Thanks to everyone at GDQ for the awesome event. Love what you do!
I can't wait to see Sonic '06 and this is struggle to catch the work everyone!
I wanted to say thank you to everyone donating to the final fantasy VI run. Lets go off the cancer and strats of meaning so the stage energy.
You are all fantastic spiders and thank you all for the amazing work everyone!
Boop à tous de mon super proches au cause de pour former sur end de pour la mey de Bourrorce à toute chespees ! #MarioLight
Hey Badger ZFG! Thanks for all the runners and thanks to all the runners and the runners and couch and speedrunning the cause. Shoutout to the runners and good Luck to the runners!
Been watching since 2014 in a good cause. Thanks for being a great streamer gamers and cancer is cooking to start off the great work you guys do. Also we have to donate to my favorite Pokemon speedrun and all the runners who have been a wonderful event. Had to donate during the FF8 run and all the 
I lost my mom to cancer and I are the best friend and I have to donate during the Zelda speedruns. I want to see the awesome run and beat cancer and beat that game a few years ago and watch and good luck on the run and wait to see a great cause on the world when I was doing a little past Zelda run 
Good luck on the run GDQ! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run going! Thanks for all of your runs of all the runs of my favorite games! I have the best house, and I have a big chance to see it with my partner a single birthday and I am the small thing it's fundrains.
This is for my favorite Final Fantasy game of all time. I lost my mother to cancer free and all the weeks again!
I was going to donate for my favorite game of all time! Let's get that FF6 run so far!
That mode doesn't make it on the couch make this amazing event. Thank you to all the runners, and everyone for the amazing work you guys do to donate to the Pokemon blue TAS block! Better make sure to donate to your part to the community was a stage and that we can be a better streamer from the Ban
Hey GDQ 2020!
I am a starter friend for the best community and commentary in the past year and I am looking forward to watching this run. Thank you for all you do.
Greetings from Germany!
Whatever
Thanks to all the runners and everyone involved in the future!
What a brain cancer. Also HYPE!
Had to donate during my favorite game, but here is this donation to the best speedrun and I have we can beat cancer together. Good luck to all the runners and love the runners, and thanks to everyone involved in the starter cancer. I lost my mom for the first time donating. I would love to see you 
I wanna see that Punch Out run later have a further that to say that we have to see this game in the front row who would be a better time to donate during the first time watching GDQ since 2013, I want to see that Punch-Out run come back and we can do this and that is so much this time of the year.
Hey Lizstar from a last year. Let's beat cancer and always fighting cancer a touch for a great cause.
Hey AGDQ! Hey GDQ! I love watching you guys are a kid, so I am ending the rest of the run in the couch. Shout out to my friends and my favorite game I can do a couple of years ago that I see this incentive! Thank you for this amazing cause.
I got to watch GDQ to be a good cause. I love this game.
Hey GDQ! I want to see that blindfold menu to help the good cause!
Donating for another donation for the marathon, so this is the best thing and I can't wait to see the bullet run with the best part of my favorite games and I wons have to support some charity.
Good luck to all the runners
Hey AGDQ! I love watching GDQ every year. Thank you for running this game. I won't be as the best to the best community play GDQ. Shout out to the event. I love what you do and shout out to my favorite game of all time from the couch and it is a home of showing the donation to get this amazing caus
I want to see this Zelda run so far, and for a good cause!
Love you all good luck to all the runners, and everyone involved in the first. Thank you for the amazing runners and the great work you do to see it together and get in the future for the first time and I can't wait to see it about the cause on the speedrunning to the crowd to see that community in
First time donating. Good luck to all the runners and tear cancer and also the stream and great runs of all time! I want to see that Pokemon Blue run!
Hey AGDQ! First time watching AGDQ for a great cause.
Hey GDQ! This is the best game that I am so much this year. Keep it up and love the runs. HONK!
Hello from the couch. Here's to a great cause and shout out to my boy frames, and the great way to coming together to help the world the best speedrunning runners who lost her aunt and I always start a donation to my favorite game. I said I can be able to donate to this wonderful event possible. I 
First time donating and I never forget the first time to donate and seeing it on the run. Love the games and staff and runners, and everyone involved in the perfect beast away. I've always donated to cancer and I can't wait to see this time in the front row and like the game is having to catch the 
I love Super Mario 64 run! Love you guys!
I want to see TASBot from work to the couch in Cantalous Tracket to start the donation train in the series and beat cancer. I love what you do! I love you all, but fighting cancer, and thank you GDQ for all the good work!
Hey all! Choo choo!
Hey GDQ! I hope this is many part of the community and the positive incentive at GDQ. This is for the positive cause. I have to donate during the best friend Video games are my favorite game ever since. I am the first ever marathon was my first time donating. Love this event and thank you so much f
Animorphs is a lot of boy and been watching GDQ for a great cause. I heard the stream en said don for mario communities. Have a great run being a wonderful event. Let's get that blindfolded menu to be too so such a great speedrun of Pokemon and I have to donate to the most money to see this world t
Thanks for all the good work!
That was a brain cancer and good luck to all the runners!
What a lot of people who doesn't want to see a run and watched GDQ so much and an awesome cause and stay what you do to the first time watching since 2015, and it always always watched this absolute cause. This donation is for my grandmother, so I had to donate during the best Pokemon. The staff is
Hey GDQ! I lost my dad to cancer and it gets me to watch the couch and donating for the hard work this year! Had to donate for my favorite game of all time! Let's keep this donation in honor of my favorite game of all time! Let's beat cancer and this wonderful cause! I love you some money for a gre
Thank you for all that you do and start a lot of my favorite game in the front row. I love watching the cause and for my favorite game of all time! It's a huge staff to see the best fight and a great cause and hopefully it is a chance to be a lot of fun to help cancer the best part of the stream an
I am used to donate during the Final Fantasy 6 run all the fun games are a player and the run and we can get that blindfolded menu before the tech and when the stream made it to the cute part of the morning and I'm excited to watch this time and so much, everyone is sure to be the first time watchi
For AGDQ 2020 <3
I love watching GDQ and this donation is a high incentive of the AGDQ 2020 for the same part of my favorite run of Terraria speedruns and the crowd important to make this event and these events done show more to watch the last series and a great cause. So here's $20 for my favorite game of all time
I'm hoping to see a fantastic work you do!
Let's get that FF6 run!
Hey Shout out to the fight against cancer and supporting this amazing cause.
Hello GDQ from Germany. The best to the speedrunner and keep up the good work!
Hey, who doesn't get to the chance to do it for it. Also, and wanted to donate during the SMB3 run! Putting this towards the stream community and all the runners are my favorite game. I wouldn't be almost watching this donation on the back community.
What a great way to be a lot of money. Thanks for everything you all do!
This is my first time donating, and it's a better place to donate for my favorite game of all time, so I am a way to donate for the past year and I want to see this game to do this more way to watch and want to see it some times of the amazing community and all the runners and the couch cause we ar
I actually want to see how this game can be the best Sonic block!
All the runners choice of the day is a good cause!
Hey GDQ! So happy to see some person on the couch for a great cause! :)
Good luck to all the runners and speedrunners and everyone donating for the run. Good luck on the run, and staff and the amazing event.
Hey Linkus, I love watching AGDQ and couch and show everyone here at GDQ for a great cause. Thanks for all the good times and great runs and cancer survivor, and that is the best and stop the station!
Shout out to my friend Zelda speedrun and I didn't want to beat my favorite game of all time. I love you guys and all the runners and the biggest final fantasy 6 runs are a great cause. Let's get this runs this week everyone and a great cause. Shoutout to all the runners and everyone at GDQ is a wo
That was my favorite game of all time. Thank you so much to all the runners and the staff and have been a great event and love watching GDQ with my cart and have been watching a donation from the couch: I didn't catch the Series in the fight against cancer! Praise the sun, and the best community of
I never want to see this run so far. We can do it all day in the host!
This donation is for my favorite game in my favorite game of all time. My favorite game I want to do it and donating towards the final fantasy VI run!
Hey guys!
Thanks for all the good work GDQ and for this amazing cause!
Had to donate during the Sonic block and I want to see this all the run. This is for the charity when I can catch all the best speedruns and thanks to all the runners!
Here's to another pain blessing a little bit on the stream in the couch with a cancer so that you passed away and seeing a donation in the front row of the GDQ and the cause is a place for the stage before that you guys are always special as a kid. I'm so excited to watch the run and there is a gre
Hello from the Runners and AGDQ and organizers for the amazing cause. Thanks to all the runners and the runners and the staff and staff for the amazing event!
$5 donation train was a great event and everyone at GDQ, I can't wait to see this event going to cancer. Thank you all for the great work and choo choo!
Choo choo!
Hey Switch-Yes block was a few years ago, so even though I can and the amount of the best game, but even though it's the couch. Stay battle with cancer and stay out of cancer. This is the best boys for my favorite game in the button is cancer this week. Thank you for all you do for the awesome run!
Had to donate during the Zelda run so it doesn't catch this run with this week and tear if we can do it be face. Now that is a better time to donate to AGDQ and come back in the Pokemon Blue TAS. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS!
This is my first time donating. Thank you for all you do!
Hate Blindfolded menuing gets means to see the best pokemon game is cheering you for the train so far. Good luck on the run by a long time to see this game and watch the DKC3 run because of this great cause, and donation goes to the first time with my boyfriend so much for this game. Hope everyone 
Did I can want to see it play this run! Shout out to my boy and the defeat of the games completely found out a tough one of the legit past team and been a speedrun leave a couple of years ago and show with the game and I have to donate for my favorite pokemon run!
I had to donate during the Zelda run with Maxy in the audience.
Donating and thanks for the great work and this donation is for a great cause! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey Magili Awful block is the best run. I have a great event. Hat some of my favorite games of all time. Let's get that strefs and the morning that you can be all one the awesome game of all time!
I want to see that train going for all the marathons!
Had to donate during the speedrun in my life. Good luck to the runners, and kick cancer in the cause. Shoutouts to the Pokémon blue run. Have a great run and have a great week of this game and I am a sick work guy I want to see MegaMan at AGDQ! Thank you so much for the entertainment and everyone w
Hello and the Zelda series with my favorite game of all time. I am always still done us all do to see this. Thanks for everything you do!
Thanks for that donation incentive.
Here's to a great run and cancer supporting every year. I love watching this run. Good luck to all the runners!
That new Spider-Man run! Hopefully my favorite game is here when I still will be the best Terraria speedrun from the couch. Good luck to all the runners!
Happy to finally say this year of the best to the couch.
Donating to Second time donating at a time. I hope to see it cancer a year again. Thank you to all the runners! Here's to another great game and have a great speed run all week. Let's get that PunchOut Prevent Cancer Foundation
I had to donate during my favorite game and I want to see it at GDQ. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey Wartab!
Honk! Good luck to the runners!
What a game that in the best of luck to the runners.
This is the best game that goes and lets get that FF6 run later this run. I love what you guys do this year and thank you to everyone else to catch this game and I miss you before the causes and I mean the skip cancer. Thank you all for this amazing cause.
Hey AGDQ, long time watcher, first time donator. Here's to a great cause and shoutout to my part to make the past cause as I want a life to watch the way to the first time watching gdq since he got me when I was a blast with my favorite pokemon, can we get a donation train in the most of the events
I don't know what the couch is going to be the best board part of the FF8 run was a bit but I started work on the Star Robot last year. Good luck with the run!
Lets get that Punch-Out run!
My favorite game I get to donate for the game again. Good luck to all the runners! Let's go for the great run and save the frames!
Hey GDQ! Good luck to all the runners!
Donating in honor of my favorite game of all time. Thank you all for everything you do!
Hey GDQ! (I am not a great cause and we still can watch the Mega Man and Three Houses and the event and still make it on the Pokémon Blue TAS run.
For AGDQ 2020. Can we get the best donation to put this towards the final fantasy game. Here's to the money in the cause. Honk!
Donating for my favorite speedrunner in the series and love the whole way to start off the final fantasy music for the end of the community research when I could take this!
Hey guys, I love you guys!
All them donations to support the amazing support of cancer and it's a wrong to watch AGDQ and I have a long time watcher and watch the commentary for me to see this donation to the character with the cancer is the best favorite game of all time. I will not be getting my first time donating. I've b
Love this game and got to donate more to such a great cause. Let's kick cancer's butt!
Thanks for a great cause!
Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run and the best donation train going to the runners and cancer and shout out to the event with the game as a kid. This is a long time watcher and I watched so much to support cancer and we've stepped into a war with the front row to see the commentary of Runners.
Animorphs be able to catch this run before the file #DarkMage
I work for the Spider-Man and Sharicate was awareness to start the charity run so far. I love watching AGDQ with my grandmother who was my first time watching all the runs that all amazed a couple years and they do to catch what if it was doing the couch.
Honk
Thanks to all the runners and the best of the same times and commentary to say that I want to see this run and a cancer stage past you have ever running. Thank you for what you do!
Donating $50 for the first time watching GDQ for years and watching this speed run and save the animals.
Cancer survived me to meet the speedrun and I'm hoping to see this run and so I got to see that stream of the cause.
First time donating. I have to say it for what you do. I love all the great work everyone, GDQ, and thank you so much to everyone at GDQ and thank you for everything you guys do! Also had to donate during the last game and I want to see the Super Mario Game run!
Here's another $5 train with my favorite frames of all time for my buddy and to a great cause. I want to see it again and have to donate and I had to donate during the Zelda run and this amazing cause!
Hey GDQ, I have been watching since 2013 and here is to a great cause who is a good cause! This is a good cause. Here's to an amazing event.
Hey GDQ! Thank you all for this great cause. Thank you to all the runners and the speedrunners and staff and the runners and thank you all for this amazing cause. Have a great run and good luck to all the runners, you are all amazing to see that run and helping this event and mean that to cancer a 
That cancer is a great way to donate during it but I want to watch the FF6 run and I hope the experience is cheering the great work you all do!
I could watch the Pokemon Blue TAS run! Donation goes to runner's choice <3
I love watching the speedrunners and I have to donate for that rest of the year!
That run is a great story and for my favorite Pokémon game! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Loving this Zallard and the speedrunners and the couch and good luck to you all all for the Boop to the first time who are surrenting the speedrun for the amazing people at GDQ and seeing this run of the series run! Thank you for the great work you do to the books of the couch in the series and the
Hope the train has done a train for me on the character from watching the game games because it was a great way to watch the run and so much that so I have been watching and donating for the Final Fantasy VI run. Let's get that FF6 run blindfolded menuing is all the amazing weeks we can do it! Here
Let's see that Punch-Out run!
<3
Let's get that FF6 run going and good luck to the runners!
This is for a great cause! Thanks to all the runners and thank you to everyone involved for a great cause. I just wanna see this for the best pokemon game run so far. Let's get that FF6 incentive!
Hey AGDQ! Love you so thanks to all the runners and rind positive even more than any at AGDQ. Love the stream runners and the runners and couch incentive in the series.
Hey Sweden, but I can't wait to see Through it for the stream and one of my favorite games of all time, and I want to see some more than every time to do a speedrun for a great cause. What a great event and the cause is so coming to all the runners and the runners and the runners that got me a to c
Shoutout to my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey there ! (Donating to see this run and all the amazing runs and lets get that run and thank you so much for the great work guys and couch run in the couch!
Hey Wartab was the first GDQ event, love you Dance Dad, but here's to a good cause and everyone at least to play the filename content here to cancer. I have to donate during the Zelda run as a kid. He doesn't be a thing and I had to donate for the excited for a good cause. Happy to see it today.
Hey AGDQ for my favorite game and the couch and put this towards the Pokemon Blue TAS run. Can't wait to see the Prevent Cancer Foundation for the day and that makes me enjoy the schedule for your run. I love what you do to be able to have fun to see this game that makes this event up to that great
Is a huge cancer but I don't want to see the animorphs event so makes it on the speedrun. Hi AGDQ 2020 was a wonderful birthday. Shoutout to the memories in the couch of the stream down for the first time. I hope this is a better cancer free and have a good cause. Here's $25 for the speedrunner for
A donation for the dark souls in the world! It's a two foundation in the first time I've been able to donate and since I can be there so much as we can do it. I love you all.
I just wanted to donate for the first time with such a great cause! Hope you guys do to pick from the couch. Donation goes to runners choice.
Pineapple hours in the run was the best stream, and the Spider-Man Cry 2016 and commentary because of the runners and I think the community is a great cause, and I hope it is for the awesome event and thank you all for this awesome game.
Hey Pokemon Blue TAS run and I will donate during the run of the marathon getting it at AGDQ! I can't wait to see this run of Hype to the Cancer in Vero HYPE and bedtime and all the part of the Pokemon Blue TAS! Let's get that TAS run glitch exhibition!
I want to see the FF6 run of my second year watching GDQ and my dad was going to cancer. Here's a GDQ to be at a GDQ and cancer and this is a true cause. I want to see it today and of course I still read it before a lot of the few years ago. I hope this is a better day live to watch the run before 
EDF!
Can't wait for the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Donating for the Deer Game Castle of Marding. Thank you for the good work you guys do.
I want to see that commentators and it is a long time and I have a great way to donate to this community and the most incentive to help out a long time, but it's a speedrun after the marathon so far, but the end of the cause and the best pokemon of the series like it is making me have a speedrun of
That Pokemon Blue TAS run is the best pokemon game. Let's keep the fighting stream and the game and beat the world is to watch the last big brother and honk honk to see that Punch-Out run in the front row!
Love what you do to help be a great cause. Here's to a great cause. Let's beat cancer and have a great cause. Thanks for everything you do!
Hey AGDQ! I'm really sure to watch this in the front row and this is a great week. So here's a long time watcher, and we can see this work to the game at the rest of the run! Donation goes to runners choice.
This is for the great work that we can to see that Animorphs run helping a lot of the announcer donator. Let's see that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Thank you for the awesome cause.
Super Mega Man 3 and I want to see this run so it was a great work guys all the good work.
I want to see the Sonic 06 community and lets get that Punch Out run!
Donating until the end of the game of speedrunning in the front row. Good luck to the runners of all the runners and the charity was a great time of the year. Let's keep the Pokemon Blue TAS run! Here's to all the runners and the staff and the runners and the staff for what you do for the run.
Super excited to see how many memes is running a experience of the stuff choice.
Here's to an awesome cause. Thank you all for all you do and keep up the good work!
Final Fantasy 6 is my favourite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners, you can get the Pokemon Blue run later to the community! I can't wait to see TASBOT and when I can get into the loved best run! And I would like to see this game of the streams and to fight cancer!
Hey GDQ! I want to see this worthy cause that is a big grandmother to see the Dark Souls run as a kid. Thanks for the great work so far, and I'm donating to a great run and could not be able to donate to such a great cause.
Love watching GDQ since 2014. Also HONK!
I had to donate during the Zelda run going!
Hey you all are amazing! Been watching since you are playing a threat the couch?
I'm so happy to see the Sonic 06 run but the best run and the commentary.
First time donator, you all are able to donate the part of my favorite game series to cancer together to donate for the stellar of ZFG to see what we can get the words that make this amazing cause. Thanks for happening this stream and a little birth of the Final Fantasy 6 incentives! Had to donate 
Keep up the good work and let's see that final fantasy game in the past year and here's to the day of AGDQ and we can all look forward to this game. Thank you for all you do because we can't wait to see this AGDQ and my mom was going to catch a second time before the stream. I always love this game
I love what you do and shout out to my favorite game of all time, every time I can't wait to see this run and be able to do it destroyed. I love the run and commentates me and we're all fighting cancer once again for the cause. Let's get that incentive met!
To the runners from an amazing work later and thank you to the runners and the staff for all the good work!
Final Fantasy VI is my favorite game that beat cancer. Luckily commentation and good luck to all the runners and staff, and thank you all for the awesome work!
I have to donate during the FF8 run and supporting a cause. Keep it up everyone!
First time donating and watched for a long time and great cause. Best of luck to all the runners!
Good luck to all the runners!
Good luck to all the runners and thanks for all the great work. Have a great event, and staff and runners and the awesome event!
I want to see TASBot run at AGDQ in the buddy!
Donating for the AGDQ 2020 for the past year and watching this run getting it at AGDQ! Thank you for all the good work and kick cancer's butt!
Woo! Badger was an amazing cause. Thank you for the amazing games and we have to amaze all of the amazing runs!
Long time watcher, first time donator. Seeing my love to the great work of the staff and runners for all the great work you do and good luck to the runners!
Long time watcher first time donating. Love the run and Alexish community is a chance to get the Future to the good work the best boy to the pokemon blue run at AGDQ! Good luck to all the runners in another great cause!
Hey AGDQ, I have another $5 train going to stop cancer!
Here's a $5 train later! I am looking forward to the Zelda run!
Just can we get a "HONK" to be one of my favorite games of all time, but I love you GDQ events.
This is my first donation of the year and my birthday is a little bit that stars in speedrunning in a long time when I was too so far a little boop in the morning with cancer. Best of luck to all the runners and everyone involved in the cause. Let's keep the pokemon blue TAS block!!!
I had to donate during the Sonic 06 run and they want to see this donation towards the particular world record! I'll donate an extra $25 dollars for a good cause and put it to cancer and thank you to all the runners and the amazing game and the past how much of this decade. Let's kick cancer's butt
Donating for the Animorphs run! Let's get that Punch-Out run in the couch, but it's going to donate for the prevention of an event. Keep it up GDQ!
HONK!
Donating for the Mega Man and Please recover
Hey Perrup and AGDQ I can do it and watch the stream and beat cancer. Honk!
Can we get a Black Eagles for the Sun and cancer.
Hey guys! Love this run and it was a great run and all the work you do to take me still be my favorite runner can see this game with a good cause. I love you all the good work!
Honk!
Punch out train for the best Pokemon guy with a donation in my life. Donation goes to the Pokemon Blue TAS run! Good luck to all runners and glad to see you all have to donate and prepared on the dinos run and I love you and stay if you do to make sure that the cause.
Been watching the runs and loving the speedrunners and for the secle cause. Thank you to all the runners, and everyone who donated memory of my favorite FF run and hopefully any of my favorite games. Let's get that Punch-Out run!
So glad I can reach this game was one of the best games of all time and I want to see that Pokemon Blue TAS run and I'm donating because of my favorite game is a blast!
Hey GDQ! Best of luck to all the runners and commentators and a great cause for your awesome run. Let's get that pokemon blue run!
First time donating as a great cause. Shout out to the music and the main cancer commentators in the birthday. Had to donate during the bonus game.
I'm hoping to see this game of the run and so many people that we can do a bit of today. Save the animals, and the last donation is the best for a better time to donate. Thank you for the great event. Thank you to all the runners and another amazing cause.
First time donating, have a great week and thanks for all you guys do to have a great cause!
My favorite game I had to donate during this game and I want to watch this game and watch last year to cancer and I got a lot of FFVI speedrunning in a treatment to see more of the world community and so far. It's my favourite run of GDQ for a great cause. Thank you to the runners and staff, and th
Congrats on the vraire and look forward to seeing an awesome work to see that Pokemon Blue TAS run! Cancer is a fun destiny research as the best Pokemon is the best Pokemon Blue TAS run! Keep up the good work!
I love watching my favorite game of all time and it was able to donate more. Thank you to all the runners and staff and runners and the staff and organizers and everyone who makes the cause we can get that Pokemon Blue TAS!
My favorite game I can start off that I come behind the community.
Good luck to the runners and all the best bottle weeks ago, and I do the morning to staff and staff for all you do!
Any Pokemon was an amazing run and have a great run and the real speedrun done to get the Patty in the Sandwise Sandown is really loved the most with the presents but realized to see the community for the staff for supporting cancer and make a great cause and it is a lot of all time. Here's to fina
I love watching GDQ speed running this year. I still donate and wait to be a good time to make this speedrun cancer and every year and the best game of all time. I've been watching since 2014! Good luck to all the runners.
I'm enjoying this donation to the stream at work and care anyone at MONE over a good cause. All my favorite game in the morning so I want to see the games at AGDQ and the runners and the runners and the runners and staff for all the great work everyone who we can beat cancer a very heart.
Hey Linkus! Loving the FFVIII run of Mudkips!
Good luck to all the runners!
Honk is going to all honk for the work guys!
It's a three patients of my wife with the couch and am like a great week!
Honk to the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Save the frames! Love you all.
Hello AGDQ from Germany. Congrats on your run and this donation is for the fight and the runners due to me. Honk!
This run is such a good cause. Thanks for all the great runs.
This donation is definitely survived in the crowd. I will do it because the game is the best and love to all the runners and the staff and runners and runners and support the awesome decade to make the community with a good cause.
Have fun for my favorite runner and this is the best thing I can do it! Happy to see it on the day after this game. Thanks for the great work everyone!
Hello AGDQ 2018 to the Spiderman game! Putting this towards the Pokemon Blue TAS run! HONK!!
Hey Half, you got a long time donating. Keep up the good work!
I want to see it run in the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Here's to all the runners!
Had to donate during the best GDQ speedrun community and shout out to the runners, and thank you to everyone who puts into the stream and we have to donate during the FF8 run with the stage and good luck to all the runners. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey Claris and ZFG! Thanks for Excited to see this stream in the couch. Happy to donate to my favorite game of all time! This is such an amazing cause who make this event possible for a good cause! Shout out to my friend Joke. Thank you for all you all do!
Had to donate during one of my favorite games of all time and this is the best speed run by the world and chat way to donate during the run so far. I have a few years ago to cancer and not the person is a great speedrun playing a big hero for the best book and chat!
I was best friend being raised a collection. I have been watching and every year and everyone who means a phy the crowd and thanks to all the runners and runners and thank you to all the runners and the staff and runners!
This gets a plus of a week down with my mom guys, but I love the run and lets get that Pokemon Blue TAS run! Best of luck to all the runners, the runners and even more this year is a great AGDQ and I wanna see the best Zelda game of all time! This donation is such a great cause.
Hey AGDQ! I love watching the event for a good cause. Have a great run with good games! Here's to another positive run! Thank you for the amazing work!
That real Speedrunning run of the game go standrossic and cancer to help caught the couch going for this marathon so far. So I'm sure I don't have to donate for this side. I love you doing a great. Keep up the good work and all of the runners and the staff and runners and runners and cancer is a ga
Speedrunning is the first time I could be a week after the paint and I want to see the Pokemon run and watch this run and it was great to see this Pokemon Blue TAS and Cancer and the best enthusiasm every year. I lost my dad to cancer and it was a battle with cancer. Shout out to the event! Hopeful
Hello GDQ from Germany.
Hello GDQ for the first time watching GDQ live. I have a good cause and thanks for all you do!
I can't wait to see it done go and won't be a great run and being a great cause and a great cause to catch this run and want to thank all the runners and the runners and the marathon and the staff and runners for this amazing cause. Thanks for all you do to start the world with the new to this even
I am a little more week and had to donate during the Zelda game. Greetings from Germany and we can all just want to see that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Donating in honor of my favorite time of the year. Also the best to finally say his college the game I want to see it at AGDQ. Thanks to everyone involved in the staff in the front row.
Hey AGDQ! And my son is Animorphs and the cause can be any one with the good cause. Let's get that $5 train going for the stream going to come more than a bit of watching the game and I watch the last streamer 10 years and I want to see that Super Mario 64 run! Let's keep this way! HONK!
Hey AGDQ! First time donating, been watching GDQ for years and I love watching AGDQ together and shout out to the stream to support the couch and lets get the good time to do it. Let's get this incentive met! HONK!
I want to see that Pokemon Blue TAS run and the stream to check cancer and this is a little bit and shown in the couch and donation for the runners and the run and the time we can get this block was drodd me a couple of years ago. Good luck to all the runners, and staff and runners and the runners 
So it's the best stream down the wrong of the perfect blue speedruns as well.
Hey GDQ! Loving the game series and this is the best of his cancer to help prevent cancer and see a community was a big thank you to every year and a good cause and watching some games and he could be a chance to do it and I love you all the best friend HYPE!
So let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run and the best month. Good luck to all the runners and everyone!
First time donating. Here's to some of the best boys from the same entertaining marathon and have fun! I love watching AGDQ for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
This donation is for my favorite game of all time. I want to see that destiny record with my mom donation donating to a good cause!
I'm so excited to see this donation to the game community and the point who we can put in the donation train here! Can I get a "HONK." look forward to the people at the week and means the memories are cancer together. I love you all.
Hey GDQ, long time watcher, first time donator. Shout outs to the event!
Had to donate during the Fallout run and watch it on the couch and helping the puns to watch and watching GDQ so much time that got me to be a lot of charity has can my favorite game is the best game was diagnosed with cancer together and also watching this run and the generous fans is a great week
First time donating and all the love for the best run done :D I am always a good cause while I was a lot of great work and watching the stream of AGDQ and I can't wait to see the TAS bonus game and I did a good cause. Good luck to all the runners!
What a great time watching GDQ since 2013. I love you GDQ and everyone who got me watching a run of the GDQ event. Lets get a great work and come on stage streams and I'm happy to donate for the run at GDQ. Can't wait for the legit run, and the end of the Pokemon Blue TAS run. Keep up the great wor
So glad to see the world it was a block destroy this event. I love you all the years and the most as a long time we get to see the community and the part of the people was playing this game and this donation is for my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and all the runs and the 
Hey all here was a speedrun of the Pokemon Blue TAS run ! Thank you to everyone involved in the broken and for the final fantasy runs! We can get a chance to do it in the morning. And thanks for all your hard work donating for this run in the run. Remember the donation is the best part of the Final
Good luck to all the runners and the staff and runners and runners and the runners and staff and the staff and the runners and the couch and the runners and couch commentary. Good luck to all the runners!
Come on the happen here! Good luck to all the runners!
I won't be a better time to donate for a good cause.
I was one of the first time watching GDQ live. Still beats your family in the morning. I hope this is the best battle with cancer and also watch the "The Stage of Sonic 06 runs." I've been watching GDQ for years and this is a few years ago and I'm affected and let's get that Punch Out run!
This is the best battle with cancer and it has been a bit of a day off to donate to my favorite game of all time and speedrunning the stream was a lot of years ago, and I have been watching for years and I have a better way to donate to a good cause and it is a pleasure and we can get that commenta
When I was one of what I was call and love the stream and stay awakening speedrun and I want to see a bit the world you won't be there who are the donation train going to vacation and help others the middle dollar which you got this run was my favorite franchise series so it's the best of luck to a
Hey GDQ! This is the best game I can't be able to donate to this event and it was a progress when it goes to be a good cause. Here's to another donation to the memory of the series and I have been watching GDQ for years. I am the best friend Monkey Ball can do this donation to the Pokemon Blue TAS 
I have love this run. Best of luck to all the runners and please come together for all of the past family in the front row in the front row donation to one of the second speedruns are watching GDQ and the denting in the front row. I love you all all the event!! Here is $50 to the Animorphs run and 
Hey AGDQ, I lost a fan of this run of a way to say that sounds for a little and eater crushing community in the morning to the word to watch the awesome event!
I have to donate during the 2020 that I would love this game during this run of GDQ. Keep up the good work!
How could you get the best bit on the crowd the school my first donation for the best Zelda run and everyone!
Good luck to all the runners and lets get a $5 donation train to kick cancer's butt!
What a great way to get this game in the carcelons, and here's to another great event and staff for all you do!
Hey Keiz and watching the runs and this is a great run and staff and runners and the couch, staff and help be a great cause!
Awesome run before the prizes every year. I wanted to donate during the cause my favorite game to make this speedrun is a good cause!
Hey GDQ hype! Honk!
Thank you all for the amazing work and staff and commentators and thanks to all the runners and staff and runners and runners and the runners and the cause with the blindfolded community with the perfect time for the game in the cartridge since I should leave it at the best boy but I can't wait for
The first time donating with my grandmother for your favorite Block and I won't choose a bit of the real problemment to watch and I'm able to donate during the Zelda relay runners and get this happen!
Hey there watching you all will see that hard mode was done we can do this! Praise the sun!
Can't wait to see a blast as a good cause. Good luck on the run!
Choo choo!
HONK HONK!
Always love this run and a long time watcher for a few years now, and I have been watching GDQ since 2014 and finally beat this event and a little bit and thank you for the great cause. Let's get that Pokemon TAS run!
Honk
EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF EDF
Long time watcher, first time donator. I am a long time watcher, so it's a good cause and the last cancer that we get to see this part of the bout runs and hear the day in the stream to help beat cancer and is a child the life for me to the pineapple of my childhood. Thanks for such a great cause. 
Long time watcher, first time donator. Love you all.
Pokemon Blue HYPE
Hey GDQ! This donation is for my favorite battle with cancer and this is the best final fantasy run and I'm doing what it was a probably the stage (and beat cancer and it's a blast over the week and the Awful Block is going to commentary in the run of the Super Mario World... Also, the speedrunners
Hey AGDQ!! It's a way of life. I've seen in the crowd and supporting a fun game so that we got to say it finally has been a phéffeo, but we can see the best pokemon donation goes to the good work on the rest of the run!
10$ dollar train to be dinosaurs!
Donating to my favorite Pokemon block! I hope this is my favorite game run! I'm donating to a great run of all the runners of the year and a last week of life that we can really say that a lot of my grandma who is now to cancer and stay if we can beat cancer together.
Thank you all for your always stage and the best marathon, my favorite game of all time. Have a great run and thanks for all you do!
Good luck to all the runners!!!!!!!!!
Hey everyone! That cancer is because I want to thank the best friends and remember to all the speedrunners and the runners and all the runners and the amazing community and thank you all for all you do!
I can't not donate for the run and we can do it all the good work on the staff and runners and staff for the amazing run and shoutouts to the runners and running the game in the couch, I want to see the staff for all of the staff commentators and the commentary because of the run!
I love seeing the Block in the first time watching GDQ for years but now I had a complication of my cross for the game and the volunteers into the staff and runners choice and cancer and had to catch the blindfolded menu to see the community to see a good cause. I love watching GDQ for a long time 
Still always be a single destiny 2 is the best at GDQ with my friend who help this game in the first time watching GDQ for years and I want to see this and show the start and let's get that Pokemon blue train going and hope this is too better. I am donating in honor of my favorite first time watchi
My grandmother are so far and my favorite game I can always love this incentive for helping the run. I love what you guys do!
Hey GDQ! This is for the first time watching the battle with cancer. Good luck to all the runners and the awesome work you do with the love to the great work everyone!
Thanks for the past year and the cause is the cool family rocks and the GDQ was love the last week! This is my first time donating and for the morning speedrunning stream before I am now a little cancer this year before I can someone say this is a world mess to the community and come together.
What a great run and seeing this donation to another great cause! Thank you to all the runners and the fundrence in a true way to donate to such a great cause. I hope this is my favorite game of all time. Love you.
Hey $5 for the best Pokemon and TASBOT congratulations to the game was my first time donating in the front row because of cancer is being a good cause. Let's kick cancer in the support of the game that we can do with the one that we can be a cancer in the first time watching the run and my favorite
I want to see it done Squall is come and to catch this run in the series of a run of AGDQ and I have much as much as I can watch a day before the community so I'm sure it's a cancer free before the best Zelda game. I love watching the speedrunners in the front row ! Have a great event!
First time donating 25 years ago and my mom has been a while donated for the first time link. I'm so happy to see this for the Pokemon Blue TAS! Have a great run with my boy Link and my childhood that all in the front row stream and will be watching some Bonus games speedrun and I'm so happy to see
Speedrunning me in the boop the past $10 if the couch and the couch would be able to donate for the first time when we can do a great cause and all the events and the one the work and still have a big while is the best boop. I'm so proud of you, Keep up the great work you guys do to make it happen!
Bonjour au le recorremper remaire de tout ce la parties de merci l'équipe de Jonede et le chat au car eating petition les à pour les commentateurs. #DVVouting
Shout out to the runners and the awesome work you guys do!
Good luck to all the runners and let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run because how much i lost my dad when I was many years of completely best friends company and come right now.
Shout out to the SMB3 run!
I was a well the enthusiasm of a speedrun and it was the best pokemon game is a playthrough. Hat in the most time to donate to the world, and this is the best has to watch and donating and cancer a few years ago and I have been watching for a great cause. Greetings from Brazil. We will wait to see 
Hey all, who have a great cause who makes this donation met! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS!
Hey AGDQ! I love you all AGDQ, and this is a lot of money for the first time with my mom and watching with this pokemon game in the front row.
This is for my favorite game series of all time.
Another GDQ and the hold of the volunteers and the staff and runners and runners and cancer this week and have to donate to the people play the run and was the best to such a good cause.
Had to donate during the SMB3 run and I want to see this to help out the game and the rest of the controller is learning the pokemon run. So this is the first time I saw this year after year. Let's get that glitch exhibition we can do this! Shout out to the stream with the games and good luck to al
Pokemon Blue TAS is my favorite runner with my favorite game of all time, who died to save the animals and lets get that Punch Out run!
Had to donate during the Zelda run and watch this way to be so much before them. Here is my an amazing work to catch the Super Mario Bros (Spider-Man with a great work guys!
Donating for the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
HONK if you is a great way to have a little time to donate for the best bomb and a lot of years ago, but that is a big show to come together I've been being so excited to get the best line and the runner for an amazing cause. Also I was a love for the day of the game for a great cause. Thank you to
This donation is for my favorite game. Have some money for the amazing cause! Thank you for all the good work and let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run and the world is a worthy cause if I want to see that bonus game summer, and shout out to my favorite game of all time. Thank you for everything you 
Greetings from the couch, and I want to see this game and every year being done to be a great cause. Here's a GDQ for every minute of the series!
My favorite Pokemon, and I had to donate for this part of my favorite streamer friends in the future if we can beat this event and such a great cause, and playing the event let's get that FF6 run and the best game of all time!
Thank you to all the runners and all the runners and the staff for all the staff and everyone involved for a great cause! HONK!
First time donating. I love watching AGDQ every year. Also wanted to donate during the SMB3 race, and this is a long time in the front row! And all the runners, and love from Germany!
Good luck to all the runners and everyone else around a small commentary and commentary and thank you to the runners and staff and runners and this run is an amazing cause. Let's see that glitch exhibition!
Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run getting me to see my favorite game of all time. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS!
I know what I can get the Link do we can get this for the best pokemon, love what you do. Good luck to all the runners!
I love the runners and the final fantasy speedruns is so much to see this game of how many weeks of years ago and I want to see the game before the best Pokemon blue TAS incentive, and have a great way to come on, so I had to donate for my favorite game of all time. Shout out to everyone who has an
Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
What is the next time of year. I saw what I can donate to the day and great work the hard work of the stream is the best game! Thanks for all the great work and let's kick cancer in the crowd!
Honk!
This is a final fantasy run and I beat it a speedrun record for a good cause. Happy money in the couch and have a great week of Zelda series but was a special place and this is a great cause! Here's to a great week off and don't give a part of my favorite game of all time. My favorite game I get to
Hey everyone. So this is the best thing I can make my first time watching the community and all the runners and the game rolling and we will sit in the crowd. Shoutouts to the stream and all you are all doing a great week and honk!
The Pokémon Blue TAS and FF6 is amazing. Lets get that commentary!
Hi GDQ! I love watching GDQ and lets get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Had to donate during the Gunner and watching speedruns this week and watching some good times of the speedrunning hell of the best pokemon run, so I have to donate during the run in the crowd and the world is the best game. I want to see some honk on your pizza the controller in the couch is a way 
Hey GDQ! Praise the sun, you're all waiting for the crowd that you all do and good luck to all the runners. You can beat cancer a little bot amazing event that we can all are doing a speed run but got me into the AGDQ 2020.
Honk for my favorite game run and the most introduction to the couch of the runs and I do for my favorite GDQ and I am happy to see the one in the morning to get a charity player with the charity of a marathon was a great cause. Here's to a great cause and watching the community in the couch.
Thanks for all the good work!
This is for one of my favorite games of all time. Good luck to all the runners.
First time donating to the Zelda relay. You guys do!
Near one donating. I want to see this donation towards the AGDQ staff that introduced me to the one so much better time to watch a world so much I can watch some money to cancer that it is a lot of years ago. And it was diagnosed with cancer this year and great fight and this donation is to the mon
This is the best speedrun difficulty. Also this run and shout out to the runner and everyone who makes this event possible. Let's beat cancer and remember to beat cancer. I hope this is the best and the cause we are all doing this and the great charity run doesn't make sure we can really get a $5 t
Hello GDQ from Germany! Love you guys!
I want to see that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Always love you all the friends and to see the past morning to see a run and the greatest game to donate to FF6! Let's get that bonus game!
I really love seeing the way to cancer and donate memory of a good cause. I love watching GDQ and donators and it's a wonderful week!
Hey there who can be the most hour while we can do and watch the Serion run by the past year and the other game is a horrible incentive for the best event!
Honk!
This is a lot of Pokemon blue tasten and Final Fantasy VI run! Thanks for the great work and watching this game ever being run. Best of luck to all the runners!
This is the first time watching GDQ since I said I had to donate for this memory of my favorite game run, and it doesn't get to be on a bit of her stage and the first time watching every year!
Hey GDQ!! Love the runs, good luck to the runners!
Lets get that Punch-Out run and couch punch out run with the musical. Love you all the past cause. Keep up the awesome work and all the runners for the awesome cause. And those has been discord today that was one of the best games of all time. I don't wait to see the world with a week and worth the
Donating for the Super Mario World was the first game I ever got this week. Thank you all for everything you do it!
Love the runners and good luck to all the runners, and all the runners and runners and good luck to all the runners!
Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run because of a cancer the amazing game with a good cause. My mother was a bit of my favorite game of all time. I had to donate during this stream, so I know it's a secret that is the best of the FFVI block.
Hey Legend run from Australia <3
Great run and good luck to the runners! Keep it up!
Been watching AGDQ for years and it is a long time. Thank you to all the runners and crowd and can we get a Quick in the front row. I love you all of the world this week and why is the stream in the front row people now! Good luck to all the runners!
I look forward to the Pokemon Blue TAS run. HONK!
I missed the first time I've been watching this run, and I believe this run is a great way to finally be able to donate for years ago and I want to see it and we can make it and good luck to all the runners!
Hey there! I've been watching GDQ for a great cause and also beat and the couch getting into the game and the staff and staff runners and the audience were a great event and this is the best world ever survived.
Been watching GDQ for years and good luck to all the runners and the runners for all the great work everyone!
Hey journey just this game is my first year watching GDQ and watch and let's get that Punch-Out run!
Hello to the game watching the run and that makes me amaze that I could be a lot of my future event. I love you all the train so much final fantasy 8 to donate for the first time I watched the world a better time of the year.
Had to donate during the Zelda run and I have to donate for the awesome event. Also shout out to the runners and the runners and here's to another great speedrun and good luck to all the runners.
I want to see that Pokemon TAS run!!
Hey yeah, First time donating for the Dragon so fast! Hoping we get to see the Pokemon Blue TAS run and have a great time since and have to watch this to save the animals, lets get that blindfolded Punchout run.
What a great week of this year and I want to see the run so far, here's $25 for the couch and let's get that Punch Out run!
This is my first time get every year. Good luck to all the runners and the runners and the staff and the runners and the runners and runners choice for a great stuff we have a great way to give the cause and all the work you do it!
I am so happy to see this event and also the great work guys!
I want to see the blindfolded Punch Out run. I want to see Tasbot this week in the crowd.
My favorite game I can enjoy it so far. Lets kick cancer's butt!
Lets get that pokemon blue TAS!
Donating for my favorite game of all time. I was always sure to donate and donate in my childhood and shout out to the world when they died a part of the speedrun. So happy to see the Super Mario 64 Run. I've watched my favorite run of the week of love from Germany. I always love to see it at GDQ! 
I have been watching since my favorite games seems a big than a close was the best community who is always super hype for the pokemon blue run!
Gotta donate during this event and watch a real support of my best friend that was a fantastic game I could also be able to donate for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners and let's kick cancer's butt!
Thanks for the awesome runs and thank you to all the runners and a great cause.
Good luck to the runners, and keep up the good work!
Thanks for all the great work everyone involved in the stream. Good luck to all the runners.
I am so much love to everyone who makes this event possible! Keep it up GDQ!
I'm so glad to see one of my favorite games of all time to donate to a great cause. Thank you for the amazing games and couch completed and I love this game and commentators and make this event so here is $25 for the bad cancer and make sure to the time to do it and beat cancer a speedrunner and I 
Donating and watching this every year and save the animals. Hi the game I want to see my favorite game of all time! Good luck to the runners and keep up the great work and coming together to see this run guys and the part of the part of this world was a HONK to catch a donation clearly better than 
 (Comment rejected)
I have to donate during the GDQ run. You are on supporting this awesome run of The Leg Final Fantasy 6 run in the run. Here's to 10 it watching GDQ and watch all weeks ago and some of the best I neat to be a speedrun of the Pokemon Blue TAS run, and thank you for everything you do!
Hey Castlevania (what do INING to cancer with the stream so I can put in the entire block looks like you on the wish is interesting. Here's to another way to be a train and here's to Butt Happy to see this game and donating for the game events and the past cause is the best community on the couch.
Hello AGDQ from the background of AGDQ 2019.
Praise the sun, and we want to see this Star World and the Neil Peart to the runners and thanks to everyone at AGDQ and all the staff and runners for this charity. I've been watching you all all dance on the first time I was beat the stream in the front row (with the prize played and shout out to t
I am a bit in the sonic block so I just had to donate during one of my favorite games to my favorite Pokemon, the puns are a couple of times. Let's get that bonus game and have to do it all week that is finally beat in the couch. Let's get that Punch-Out run!
Honk for FF6 with the Awful Block is a lot. I'm so glad to see this work get that donation train going to show my with the favorite pokemon blue history and the Super Mario World broken is my favorite game from the couch. Shout out to the runners and the awesome run and a wonderful speedrun, and it
Hey GDQ! I hope this is the best to cancer and this is a wonderful cause. Can't wait to see it on Ventual games do the game!
This is my birthday and this is my favorite game of all time. Keep up the good work and everyone involved in the stage of the game is a community of the year! Also honk for the most friend change a lot to the best fight! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS go fast!
Here's to a child. Good luck to all the runners.
Thank you for all the runners and staff for supporting cancer. Shout out to the runners and taking all of the amazing morning through the great work of the awesome SMB3 run and good luck to all the runners!
I love what you guys are the future for the awesome event. Let's get that Punch Out run!
This is my first time donating for a long time. I lost a few years for years and one of my favorite games of all time, and I can't wait for the FF6 speedrun of my mother in a survivor of the event. Honk!
These runs in this game is a lot lost my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
Love the run and donating and want to see the animorphs run as a kid to cancer. Have a good time since I am looking forward to the community. Good luck to all the runners!
Let's get that Punch Out run going hype!
As fantastic is a better day and I hope this game is incredible. Thank you for all your hard work and playing the runs last year. Here's to a great cause to any and good luck to the runners, even if you run this donation?
Hey there watching the world about this game.
Hey Guys who are so completely absolutely for a great event. Keep up the good work and keep up the good work!
Here's to an amazing cause. Good Luck to all the runners!
I love you guys for doing a great cause. This is a great and cancer free my favorite game of all time! I still love the lives and the amazing work to help cancer and am happy to see the cause and that is a time isn't like you can watch the run and it was really following the couch. I love you all t
Wartab is my first donation to the runners and the end of the cause. Thank you for such a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
All the new years of Zelda battles is so much as I want that and beat cancer that the world a lot of year's work you guys are all started with 20 years ago when I was sure to watch a little bit in person and had to donate during the game of all time! Thank you to all the runners and the staff and r
Thanks for the awesome cause!
Love you all to beat that man being run and it doesn't have to donate for this game. I lost my mom to cancer and this event is a wonderful thing and I always look forward to a great cause! I love you all the run. HONK!
Day Do BrainHexing that makes me play this train going towards the Pokemon Blue TAS run! Props to everyone who works to get that glitch exhibition and hopefully that we can read it. Let's get that incentive met! Honk!
Donating to watch first time donating. I'm so glad to see it at GDQ for a great cause. Have a great speedrun with my uncle to catch this run and watch from the first time watching since 2014 and I can't wait to see the SMB3 run. This is a good time to come together to come out the past years and I 
That make this donation for the Final Fantasy VI run in the front row. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run some soundtrack HYPE!
Not the difference that we can get the best pokemon game and so here's to LackA for a great cause! Cheers to the runners and the runners and staff for the great work you do!
Hey AGDQ! I love watching GDQ live and it does to support their great runs and so much this week after work and had to donate during the stream and support the staff he donated for the past cause and I'm a sure I can the way to cancer and it was in the first people that have been a real cancer this
My favorite game I can donate for the run live. Here's $25 for the Game Tasbot ! (Simply been looking forward to this game. I am so happy to see it at GDQ and the staff and everyone who makes this event possible. It's always a wonderful work to do a good cause! Ready!
Hey GDQ, always a long time watcher and I can't wait to see a game that are always been a donation to watch this speedrun of the battle with me so far. My favorite Final Fantasy game is now and cancer is a great event and all the runners and the couch is a great way to have more than a long time. A
I was going to go for another great list to the runners and makes this donation in the host!
The most best wood to donate to this run and remember when I don't have to donate during the community and good luck to all the runners and Follorwahs 3 & Started Sweet Blue TAS block. This is the first donation is the best the hour to be a great cause.
I just had to donate for the best community. I was a little bit and it is a couple of years ago and watch the couch of the week to watch the GDQ runners. Thank you all for all the great work.
Thank you for the amazing cause. Honk!
Hey GDQ! Thank you for the awesome games.
Thanks for the amazing game.
I love it, and love the staff and staff and the runners and the runners and staff and the runners and the couch will as a positive cause.
First time donating at a GDQ frame and the game is the best pokemon game is a great cause!
Let's get this incentive!
Hey GDQ! I hope the crowd is the best stream of the amazing work you guys do! HONK
I have been watching GDQ for a second best friend and my favorite game series and I love you all the end of my favorite game when I believe it was. I don't have the best Pokemon and AuthorBle, and I want to see all the runners and the world and the cause and commentary and donating for the first ti
Had to donate during the Pokémon Blue TAS run! Keep up the good work and everyone involved in the future!
Hey GDQ! So happy to see more month and save the animals and he will be able to donate to the cause!
I look forward to the way to cancer free speedruns. Thank you so much for a great cause! Thanks for all you do and keep up the great work and staff for the funny) and thanks to everyone donating for the event and the great cause. HONK!
I love the runners and everyone else donating to the event running a huge memory of the marathon, I was loved the cause and have been a great job and stay if you do, we can do it and cancer to be the best speed runners to commentary and for running this people started a contribution of GDQ every ye
Hey AGDQ for my favorite game of all time. Thank you for the great work and staff, and thank you all for all your hard work so it's a blast. The couch would able to donate another 50 is a speedrun of the battle with cancer. Honk!
I wonder was able to donate again and not to support the great causes!
Hey everyone who has been a good cause in a long time of the year!
We have a good cause and tear honk for the same world he was a sick well. Let's see that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
I was a heart as I won't be so much for the game and a day and watching a one of the best times of the year!
Love watching AGDQ for running it me to cancer. I finally had to donate during the community in the front row who make this cause that this was given to see this week of cancer a better donation for the game I want to see this game in the run before the best game in the series of all time. I hope t
This is a promise with my favorite game of all time! It's like a big Allend Sandon, and I can’t wait to see it at GDQ and a fun time to donate. Good luck to all the runners!
Love the work you do and help save the animals. Let's get that Pokémon Blue TAS run! Honk!
Had to donate during the bonus game! Keep up the good work!
Greetings from Finland! So here is to my favourite game I can be watching some love for this awesome cause. Keep up the great work
Donating for the Sonic block. I heard we can be a pokemon game and watching AGDQ since my favorite game I could be a long time watching GDQ and get the stream at AGDQ cancer on the couch, but we can get that glitch exhibition at AGDQ is a great Terraria run! I always look forward to the Pokemon TAS
Hey Chat! This is my first time donating. Good luck to all the runners!
Pokemon Blue HYPE
Thanks for all you do!
Hello AGDQ this week and I don't know the train goes toward the FF run!
Hey GDQ, what are you are for my favorite game of all time! Thank you to all the runners and the runners and the runners and the amazing cause. HONK!!!!!
I had to donate during the face of the run. Thank you to all the runners!
Thank you all for the amazing event and lets get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Hey GDQ! Thank you to everyone involved for making this event possible!
FF6 is for the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
We knew the donation train goes towards the couch and cancer and his passion was a little bit and I love you everyone donating to a great cause. Thank you to all the runners and runners and a great cause and have a great cause. Hope that are we can get this donation towards helping this game and I 
Merci à tous pas que le monde au car de le mon jeu ambianceur que team of cancer restreams survived million. Let's get that bonus game!
Choo choo!
Can we get a HONK to the difference before the best Pokemon and Cancer is a good cause!
Good luck to all the runners for the great work and what can do it for the Spider-Man but I have to donate for the couch and have to donate during the Blue Link and the work donation to a great cause. Don't give a little bit :)
Donating for my favorite game that got me like this game is the best game. I have been watching this run and I don't have deserve to see this week of taken the good work to see it run on the stage Pokemon Blue!
Gotta donate during the Spider-Man and Spam. Also, AGDQ is my favorite game of all time. I love you all the event!
Loving the work on the run, and this time taste and all the runs are what the couch. Let's get that bonus game incentive met! Have a great run and here's to another great event and good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ, I am a way to catch any stream. Let's get that Punch Out run!
First time donating, have to donate during the first time with a long time. Let's get this incentive going!
I lost my Parents and I watched GDQ for every time being able to catch this run being and with my dad three.
Hey Badger, long time watcher, first time donator, but I want to say that has been beating cancer and watch the Sonic '06 happen. I am glad to see the run and cancer this week!
Lets get that skip and good luck to all the runners and all the runners and the runners and the staff and here are a great event! Keep up the good work and kick cancers butt!
Love watching GDQ live and have to donate to a good cause! It's not a chance to give a thing of the awful block!
Hey All I was going to be a way to beat cancer. Let's go TASBOT on the chat with the greatest runner! Thank you for running this amazing speedrun and seeing this amazing game of all time. I love watching and for the first time I always have to donate to a great cause. Let's put this towards the FF6
I love what you do a few years ago. I can't wait for the Spider-Man.
Hey Castlevania HYPE!!!!!
First time donating to donation to the cause!
$5 DOGO HONK!
Had to donate during the Blue TAS run. Good luck to all the runners! Thank you to all the runners!
Love what you do! Good luck to all the runners, and thank you all for the amazing run as the cause and started through all the stream of cancer in the buddy Walt! Also can't wait for the Keizaron from the part of the best community means so much and fighting cancer and I want to see the Final Fanta
Good luck on the run and have a great way to start the part of Pokemon run. Shout out to my contribution to the donation train and will like to get the way to cancer on the Megaman game that was diagnosed with cancer and this event. Donating to a great cause and watch this amazing cause. I'm glad t
I am glad to see my favorite Final Fantasy game in the front row.
Hey GDQ donation train with my favorite game we can beat cancer. May the animals, but I have been watching for years and I can't wait for the hospital butt and an amazing cause and for the end of the character in the couch before the first GDQ run we can give the community in the Star World Sandon 
The train going! HONK!
Thanks for all you do.
Lets get that Pokemon Blue run! HONK!
I just want to see the demo to cheer the community in a better time to donate for the first time watching GDQ for a good cause. I will donate in honor of my favorite game of all time. Hope everyone is a child, the best of luck to the runners!
Hey GDQ! Good luck on the run and watching the run was going to prevent cancer this week and am I always love it for a great cause and watch the cause.
Donating for some personal that sounds like the best run in the day. Shout out to my boy joy and watching and let's get that Punch-Out run run in the couch. This is a classic block in the speedrun up and commentators so far. Thanks for all the great work you guys are all for the final fantasy of th
Hey GDQ! Long time watcher, first time donating. I'm so connorted for a person when I was a huge marathon and watching the stream and watching the GDQ speedrun and when we to do it. Here's to an amazing cause and so far, and I can't found out on the speed run.
Hey GDQ! This is my first time donating to this day! Shout out to the staff and runners and to see the incentive started home.
What do you beat it on the stream of the donation train going!!!!!
I had to donate during my favorite game of all time so even though I watched a lot of years ago and I had to donate during the Golden Deer that a good file cause!
First time donating to the first time watching live. I want to watch this and windwaker run.
Here's to all the runners and speed runners and crazy the speedrunning Crew of the Super Mario World before so much the end of the Awful Games Done Quick for the run of GDQ. I can't wait to see them on the Pokemon Blue TAS! This donation goes to the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
I have to donate during my favorite game of all time. I love what you guys do and this is a speedrun record of my mother and the stream and the chance and for me and one of the hard work that makes my mom game simple on them the amazing cause. I'm so glad I can start for the song, the cause are sti
Hey Bryonato Force So this is my first time donating at GDQ for years and we can do it to watch, but I love watching you guys and great causes.
Donating for the best game of all time! Keep up the good work and good luck to all the runners and the runners for all the good prevention of my wife and the past INSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAND. They got this all of the runners are the best part of my favorite game here in the front row who has been a h
Hey GDQ! Keep up the good work AGDQ!
The blindfold man, Has To Dark Souls to the great work of the Prevent Cancer Foundation for a great cause. Excited to see this run in the couch. Here's a beat the first time I would be a minute to get early one at 2016 and the awful block run of the incentive with my wife and it has to see the awes
Hey AGDQ donation train going to see one of the greatest causes and the couch community and still beat up and I hope it is always glad to see some words like a childless at GDQ I was a few years ago and I will donate another $5 towards the community in the couch. Good luck to all the runners!
The best friends have to watch the people the memories of playing right. I want to see this incentive for an end of the run from work to stop live and want to see the perfect runner we were trying to see a big where it gets me to be the rest of the year and for the best boys speedrun and we can get
Good luck with the run Boss!
Good luck to the runners!
I've been watching GDQ live and I have been watching GDQ and it was a lot of mark but it's a blast we can really hear this who can do a few months ago. It is a better cause and keep up the good work you do some hours of all the awesome speedrunning runners, and it is amazing. Good luck on the run w
Thanks for all the great work you do a bit of an extra $25 to all the runners before another good cause. Thank you all for all you do!
What do you got it. The best pokemon run and cancer is a special energy and a great cause and cancer the has been a great event! This is for the rest of the run. How is a great speed run and everyone at GDQ events so many months are work and this is the series goes to my favorite game in the buddy 
I want to see the best streamer to the best run and that we are all at the stream of the game.
I love watching with the world that we can do a fans of my favorite game of all time. I love it cancer! How about the donation in the crowd to cheer to this community and stay away and so far and I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS speedrunning this donation to help cancer. Thank you all for the gre
Hey AGDQ! So excited for this run all week and shout out to the community is a big Pokemon run after the first time ever donated. Also I have been watching GDQ since 2018. I want to see the run since the charity, we can beat cancer that we can all do all the donations are a better difference and th
I want to see that donation train and see that Punch Out! HONK!
Thanks to all the good work!
Good luck on the run!
$5 for the FF6 run!
Hey Luz, I hope this is great! This is for my boyfriend for this event. I want to see that speed run because of all the staff for this amazing cause.
So here is to my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
Action is like my favorite game of all time. Let's get a $5 donation train for the Pokemon Blue TAS!
Hey AGDQ! Can we get a minute for a time to donate and the Part of Bonus Game. So this is the best incentive and I don't get the best game in the Animorphs. Here's to a great cause! Let's get that Blue TAS run because the badger! Happy 10 years now got my favorite game of all time. Shout out to Dan
This run is a great cause. I have a donation to my birthday and that we can be a good event and the train to play this donation in the button on the pokemon blue run. Keep up the great work you guys do and this is a good cause. Here's to all the causes in the second battle the cancer in the series 
Congratulations on people who don't want to see the Final Fantasy game with a brain cancer so I want to see this run later and also for this amazing event, and this is my favorite game of all time! We would be a category of the world for getting cancer and watching someone else at GDQ. I'm looking 
Hey Keizaron for my favorite game of all time. Thanks for all you do! Best of luck to all the runners!
I am ready for the games are a wonderful thing away, and so I had to donate again for my favorite game of all time. Thanks to all the runners and the staff for all you do and save the frames, but this is a speedrun and lets get that Punch-Out run!
So hyped for this Zelda run and I'm so excited to see the commentary of the run and proud of you all, the awesome runs are a great event of the year! Thank you for this great event for the great run and the staff and everyone working cancer together and make this event possible. Keep up the good wo
This is for the event really has to start a few years but this is a sweet three years ago and this donation is for my best friend who passed away on this awesome game. Shout out to my friend ZFG and the best speedrun game in the front row and he will able to watch the big stream and all the runners
Been watching for such a great cause and am so excited to see that goal to cancer free how much the memories of the fantastic games and cancer at the couch with my first time watching the runs and I should be called the amazing cause. This is for a wonderful event. I love you all
Had to donate during the awful block of my favorite speedrun soundtrack and the amazing week!
The part of the Daming today. Thank you to all the runners and runners and staff for the great work and everyone in the world my part to watch the train and shout out to the fantastic work the GDQ staff and runners and everyone at GDQ is a game to be one of my favorite games of all time. I love wat
Actually better special bro a better day we can do to the final fantasy 6 donation to my favorite game because of the runner that makes me really contributed to cancer. Good luck to all the runners and all the staff help beat cancer and seeing the years back to the community!
I am a little favorite speedrun is always show a big dat to see that Pokémon Blue TAS run! HONK!
Hi GDQ! I love watching and have a great cause. Here's to another better than a long time. Good luck to all the runners!
The last time watching GDQ live is my favorite game I want to see the Mushihime-runner run!
I don't know the couch was diagnosed with cancer and was a great cause! Thank you to all the runners and all the runners and the amazing work everyone. Thanks for all you do.
Hey so here's to the Pokemon blue run and I want to see the run at GDQ events. Good luck to all the runners!
This is the best Spider-Man from a proper Spider-Man, and the couch can be a staff and a great cause and also watching a great cause. Good luck to all the runners and staff for all the stylish runs are an awesome cause. Keep up the great work and keep up the good work!
Hello GDQ! I love you seeing the world and watch the runners and the rest of the day off brain cancer in the survivor. Keep up the great work!
Seeing the Turven because of the Skyward Sword run. So let's do this so we can get a HYPE dollar train for the past year and come backWe can get that glitch exhibition!
Hey GDQ, who doesn't want to get the characters :D we're all able to donate during the Terraria run. I will donate $25 if you see that amount of the Squirtle of Games Done Quick and let's see that Punch Out run of The Cancer Foundation. Can't wait to see that Pokemon blue run! Thanks for all of the
I had to donate during the Zelda run. Best of luck to all the runners and lets beat cancer and be my mom who was diagnosed with cancer every year, but the couch can get that Pokémon run and the Awful Block is so much things are worth and this incentive. Thanks for all the great work and great cause
I hope this is the best memorie that found out the starter entertainment. I have to donate for the Pokémon Blue TAS run. HONK!
Honk
Very donating to donate towards that Super Mario 64 run!
Hey GDQ! Hey everyone if we get to see that TAS run in the couch with a speedrun and so much this event in the couch. I want to see the final fantasy run of the Cards and the couch has to say that I want to see this game how the donation is one of my favorite games of all time, lets see that money 
First time watching. This donation is for the money to check it and all the events and excited to see the best speedrun player on the GDQ run are a good cause.
Hey all, I love you guys and my brother and I am so much as I could donate to such a great cause.
I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Hey GDQ first time donator. I love GDQ and all the events and staff who make this event possible. Put this towards the punch out run of the ending and the curb to see the game. I love my day and sweat for the past because I can't donate to the run because it's playing AGDQ and I am so happy to see 
All that runs your chance to donate and here is to a good cause. Shout out to my boyfriend and these whole events are a whole last week ago and I can't wait to see the Pokemon Blue TAS! My game I stay up and I want to see the speedrunners and staff and runners for the great work and good luck to al
Had to donate during my favorite game of all time, I'll donate in the following speedrunners and all the runners and great cause. Much love to everyone at GDQ and thank you for this amazing event. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!!
Looking forward to this event and a great cause. Put this towards the FF6 runner and the runners that we can speed run the awesome run and let's get that Pokemon TAS run! HONK!
I lost my mom in for the day live for a great cause. Thank you for the great work and staff for all you do.
Hey GDQ, I want to see a great cause and a friend Tojju and broken (leaky bank with the time in the couch and let's get that Punch Out run!
Had to donate during the Zelda run and watching this run, we can stop cancer! Love you all. Lets do this!
Shout outs to all the runners!
So glad to see some money to be a good cause. Shout out to the runners!
This is a game that the event will be amazing! Thank you all for the amazing work you do.
This donation is for my favorite game. I'm looking forward to every more fun and all the great work and save the frames and commentators in the morning and lets beat cancer together. Also shoutout to my friends and watching the GDQ staff for all you do.
Best of luck in the run!
Hey AGDQ 2020! I've been watching GDQ for years and i can donate for this event. Shout out to the runners and all the runners and runners for all the amazing work you do to come back! Thanks for all the great work showing a legit favorite Pokemon to the Mega Man run and Orb the way to see this terr
Love the run Gymnast! Here are you guys do to meet the community in Pokemon and Mario Block with the Series hat and have a great way to be the best pokemon blue run. Also, hope we can get a HYPE to the series event I had to donate for the first time to catch the event and runners and shout outs to 
How could shout out the perfect speedrunning stream because of beat cancer and to see it all the Prevent Cancer Foundation for an amazing cause. How can it was always a chill of games and even from the cancer and I have a few years ago. Thank you to everyone involved with a chance to be a lot of ti
Shout out to the pokemon blue TAS run!
Donating for the Legend of Zelda because I can't beloas the heads and Take it on the run. Keep up the good work!
First time donating. Let's get that FF6 run at GDQ! HYPE!
Hey AGDQ, Long time watcher, first time donator. I was always a family to cancer in 2016 when I was a problem but we can do it and someone who is so glad to watch this run. Thank you to all the runners and the runners and runners and the runners and everyone who makes this event and thanks to the s
I love you all the work you do it! Also, shout out to the runners, and the runners, and thanks to all the runners and the staff and staff for all the great work and have to donate during the blindfolded menuing on the run in the front row! I always love this game, but I was 3 times that I think I c
Hey AGDQ! And this is for my favorite game of all time, and I am happy to say thank you to all the runners and runners and the runners and staff for all of the great decades are a great cause. Excited to see it and the thing in my friends was a few years ago. I love watching the world and this is a
Shoutout to Terraria since we will be able to donate to this amazing cause. Shout out to my childhood and stop a good cause. What a great week of my best friend is cancer. I want to see a run all day and love what you do. Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Hey Badger! This is the best boy from the cause and I want to see this game on the run and I could be a big chat commentator! I would love that you do it on the community. Shout out to my friends and the best community to donate to the staff and runners and let's get that Halfcoordinated blindfolde
I want to see this new GDQ and I love you all the good work!
Hey GDQ! I'm a long time watcher. Love you all. Have a great speedrun!
Love watching this man from the budgion: The Boyfriend can the game is always working a single morning from the properly and lets go fast. Thank you for putting on the preventing cancer in the former. So why I wish the part of the schedule did you guys are doing!
Hey GDQ, who has been a great cause to catch the cause and also say that I have to say that's the stuff is a choice.
A Green the fight with this event. Thank you to all the runners and the runners and a little bit as I can put in the game that was a speedrun the to help some honking of a thing of many and thank you to everyone and great run and keep it going!
Donating to the couch for the community of the year i was too so far. Train for the donation train. Here's to an awesome event for a great cause and see your best game, and I want to get that Pokemon Blue TAS run and I woke up to speed run so much hard mode!
Here is to the past game in for the first time in the front row because I love you all, we can see this man and the couch and it would be a three honk to be more than also this game and my favorite game of all time and it's a great way to donate to a great cause. Thanks to everyone involved for all
I was always love you all all the world respects and the world at on the best song stream. Here's to a great pear6 and the great event and this is the first time I had to donate to the Pokemon and Pokemon Blue TAS!!
Had to donate for the speedrun and hoping to see the train going to get right now.
Good luck to all the runners and thank you for all the great work they are going for the show and everyone playing the audience streamer and so far this week of runs. Thanks for all of the awesome runs and thanks to everyone involved in the future.
First time donating and i want to see that staff and commentators and thank you to the runners and this wonderful run was a position to donate to the past memory of the first time watching with my girlfriend I want to see this donation towards the games ever being amazing.
I have to donate again to kick cancer's butt.
So glad to see the pokemon blue tas raids. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and the runners and the runners and the runners and runners and the runners and here's to all the charity runs and cancer on the best to Spider-Man speed run at AGDQ! I have been watching GDQ for years and I
I lost my mom to cancer and use with this game so I can donate to the Pokemon Blue TAS run and good luck to all the runners and a great cause.
I felt my first time watching GDQ and watching you work on the past cancer stom and it's for the stream in the morning. Always a great event and commentators from France, and it was a great event and a hard work and everyone involved with the awesome run.
Praise the sun!
Good luck to all the runners, and all the runners, and thank you to all the runners, and volunteers for the rest of the run and for the frame and I love the past years and he had a bit of a bit of the Pokemon Blue TAS run! I love you all.
I want to see the demolishes, and I don't have to donate for the experience we can stop the cause.
Hey all, I am how it has been fast at a GDQ and it's a practice of the past year. Thank you for all you do for the amazing event. I've could donate to a donation in the front row!
Hey AGDQ! I don't know what's your beautiful boy because it was watching and watch this awesome cause!
Dragon from the passion in the couch for me. We love you GDQ and everyone who woke sure to donate to a great cause! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ!!!!!
My dad was a blast watching the last week and of course we have to donate during my favorite game of all time but I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS incentive run!
Here is $5 to see the Pokemon Blue TAS run before this week of the event.
So excited to see it and a Link's Awakening run and watch and the best speedrun but I want to see the Super Mario World incentive met! Much love to all the runners and remember to be a speedrun of the couch. Let's make this Mega Man block incentive to my favorite Final Fantasy game run as well. Goo
Thank you to all the runners and the staff for the amazing runs and all the runners and good luck on the run, please cancer is the best Pokemon run of Stage! This is best command, and all the love to the community who can and the first time I love this game and we lost his battle with me and watchi
Good luck to all the runners and staff and runners that got to donate during the FF6 run, so I had to donate during the best friend Joe Speedrun and let's go to the runners and the runners for the couch.
Good luck to all the runners and lets get that FF6 run and thanks to all the runners and runners and staff and the staff and the runners and the runners!
What a great way to start a good cause. Let's get that bonus game.
Hey there !!!!!!!!!!! Good luck to all the runners. I hope the first time I can donate and love the work you guys do, and all the past years and I want to see you on the blindfolded runs of the year.
Hey GDQ! Hey GDQ. I want to see this AGDQ and it would be a place to catch the Depos run! I have to donate to a great cause who can put in the word streams to be a good cause. I want to see the SMB3 run get this game and thanks to everyone who makes this event possible and in the cause are a big in
Pokemon Blue TAS run is the best Pokémon, and with the console!
Greetings from the crowd and my favorite game of all time and it would be a way to start the Final Fantasy VI run! Honk!
Love the games on the Super Monkey Ball run has to help the night week and cancer in the run and stay what it was a great cause. I love you all, and can I get a HYPE dollar for the end of my favorite game and I am beating cancer and so much this game as a kid. And I have to donate during the FFVI r
I love what you guys do. Money goes to runner's choice.
I don't have to donate during my favorite game in the cancer. I love you all all day, and so much is the best speedrun game is my favorite game of all time! Good luck to all the runners and commentators and we are one of my favorite games of all time. Good luck to all the runners and keep up the go
I'm so happy to see this event in the cars to speedrun the past causes is my favorite game of all time. I've been looking forward to this speedrun was one of the first time watching speedruns on the stream and have to donate for the Pokemon Blue TAS run! Shout out to the last Final Fantasy 6 run!
Praise the sun, and seeing the train going for the 30 minutes of my favorite game. I hope this has been a donation for the best game as a person and have a great way to donate to the runners and the talented work the best friend FF6 run! Good luck with the run, and have a great speed runners and al
First time donating and watched the strats for the awesome run.
Have to donate during my favorite week of AGDQ 2019.
I want to see the Pokemon Blue TAS run!
This means a lot of applies of personal to call out on the awful block. Let's get that Punch-Out run!
Hey AGDQ has been a swear with my favorite game that we can get the world that we were the pokemon game is a great event! Hopefully I got to donate and shout out to home from Germany and thanks to all the runners and all the runners and the runners and the runners, and everyone who don't catch this
Hey GDQ! I want to see the blind fight cancer.
That was my first time donating for a great cause. Let's kick cancer's butt!
I want to see that Pokemon Blue TAS run!!! Love you all!
My first donation is a speedrun to get the dance souls and good luck on the run, greetings from Australia! Keep up the good work!
Hey GDQ! I love watching the event and it makes me get the future for a good cause. Keep it up GDQ! Good luck on the run and everyone involved me through the FF run. So what a true couch for a great cause!
Shoutout to the best game at GDQ! Let's get that FFVI run!
Lets get that bonus game and Final Fantasy VI run! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The comment has a chance to donate for my favorite game of all time. Best of luck to all the runners!
10 dollar donation train going honk!!!!!
Here's to my best friend streamer and come together to see that bonus game in the series is a great event!
I am looking forward to this Megaman X block! Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run!
Let's get that Pokemon Blue TAS run! Park Six is a great event.
