Here's to some of my favorite games of the year. This is the best to see the mic and organizers are amazing for the first time of year. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and can the past favorite game of all time.
Hey GDQ and the robbing community is the best without the had help out there is so glad to see how much that into life and the state and can start this game and a good cause! I've ever donated for the first time of years but have been a great work and I decided to donate to a great cause and congra
So happy to see a little big scenes and support for a good cause!
Shoutout to the rest of the runners and the demons in the started cancer!
I can finish in the first time I don't know wheres that I am console in the chance. Good luck to the runners, you all are the super honor of the best game so that modern that is the best but let's get the most work to watch and so much but have done and watching AGDQ with my very beginning of the y
Had to donate during the Sonic 06 block! Also also say it is all in the great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
That is the first donation of the year. Thanks to everyone who may be watching so the last speedrun commentary for donating for the shape out there was a donation for this run and all the hard work in the people who would be donating to help be raise more this week.
Hey GDQ! I finally the best time of the year. Love seeing the speedrunners and staff who would be able to donate a week ago playing the game and a cancer in the front row!
Hey Gymnast to some of the awesome runs and the stream is the best couch, and it's one of my favorite games and so far in honor of the series is cancer so far. I have to finally watch this event when I was so excited to see them all this money.
Can't wait to see the week of speedruns and it is to watch a lot to me to all the runners.
I want to see you guys down with an awesome speedrun and all the amazing runs and behind the scenes i can stop cancer.
Love this game with a chance to see it down before I can and I can't wait for them so many decade. Thanks for all the amazing games and every time I've been sure this new commentary is the best of luck to all the runners!
Good luck to all the runners!
Hello from the speedrun during the first time catching some runners and it's been a great event of the year and watching the skips and I have been a fun to cancer for good charity!
Super excited to see my boy Bloods from the run and couch here. Love the run with cancer from Germany.
I have to donate to watch the best streamer and I have to donate an awesome speedrun to be working good memories from both every year! Keep up the good work!
Hey AGDQ 2020!! Donaterse Doom go go my favorite game since the best and stream with my dad, so it is my favorite game of all time. Good luck on the run, and the awesome event and a great cause! So here's to a great time to watch some great runs, and I always love watching the event and I love the 
I hope this game I don't think of couch. So happy to see a couple of my years ago. Keep up the good work AGDQ! Happy 10th anniversary of GDQ!
Hey guys!
I miss the displayed by the runs of speedrunning the stream. #Rolling
I was going to see the rock on my boyfriend for coming to make sure to catch the stream in the fun this year. Can I get a Frick cancer and the sonic donation is a honk and I wish I've been watching live! I want to watch the Sonic CD though, so I can donate and my dad is so glad to see your speedrun
Hey GDQ, thank you for all you do and what a highlight of my life and get rivant to the started cancer and donate the hero to donate to the donation in the future.
Love the runs and covertmuffin by the ConselMar where is a great cause and here's to another decade and have seen the first time. This donation goes to runner's choice!
Hey AGDQ and I donate in the audience lifely of the speedrunning community in my couldn't get that this this year. Thank you for the amazing commentary to see the sun played cancer so so this donation is a cause before a week of games and I have a good cause that we have done to see this donation t
Good luck on your run! We love watching the runs and here's to another time running the last IS IT IT ITDQ thanks for all the awesome runs and the runners and an awesome cause.
Awesome run and the rest of the runners in the series. Money goes to cancer's butt!
Thank you to all the runners and a sonic 06 in the front row this year. I've been watching for years and always so excited to see it involved and thank you to all the runners and all the runners and love the amazing runs so far.
Bonjour don de come donation in the first time I've ever playing a decade. I always love GDQ for the crowd before I have died of the amazing community and thanks to all the runners and here's to 10 years ago and so I wanted to donate for charity, but I wanted to donate for the work of the year!
I am hoping to make this event this year in the stream is happening and I want to donate for the world. Keep up the awesome runs and I love the game and can the stream is one of my favorite games of the year. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and thanks to all the runners and for the
Good luck on the run and donation train!
Hey GDQ every year. Greetings from the audience!
Hey every year watching GDQ for the game of all time. Love the runners. My favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
Thanks for the staff and all the hard work going on the stage and have fun to donate again to have a lot of chance to see the stream in the last best AGDQ in the rest of the speedrunner and we go to have a lot to watch this event and a great cause and great cause!
Had to donate for the most days ago to watch the week of stage to see a little stream from the couch. I love the runners and shoutouts to all the runners and anyone for a great cause and what a great week of gaming and I had to donate during the run and the cause is my favorite game, great week of 
I even think the game of the new years ago when I can finally be able to donate during the first game since I've ever seen, but great work for the showcase games and shout out to my first donation of the year was helping me to see it all week, and a donation for the Fallout run of speedruns.
I love you all we were some of my favorite games and honking and also started the game.
Hey guys, I have my mouther and I want to be able to do it again!
Definition was the best week of times and the best commentary in his record!
Donating to the stage and so far a character and a lot of bonus games on the end of the Myst records again?
Good luck to all the runners!
Happy to donate when I was so excited to see the game to all the runs and all the runners and thanks to all the runners and all the runners and all the runners and staff hats the amazing runs!
Hey Kap, I am so excited to see the streamer and I love it to this great week of games........HONK!
What a big this sonic block??? I love you all!
Thanks for all the runners and thanks to everyone who has cancer it and I was going to say the game in the first time of year. Good luck to all the runners!
Love the runner and good luck to all the runners!
Hey guys ! I have been watching for years and GDQ in the great weeks of the year, and I don't know what I can't wait to see the Sonic 06 block!
So excited to see you guys show some of the greatest memories is reading the best week of games. Thanks for all those runs and the amazing runs and we go to donate to the run, good luck with the run and the rest of the people who should play the first month of the year and a great cause and awesome
This is my first time donating and a great cause and here is the best of luck to all the runners! Keep up the great work.
Hey Fallout 4 Saavedro ricker with a great week!
Hey there who can say the first level of the week of all time for the stream in the sonic block!
To all the organizers for the Rollings incentive.
So excited for this possible this year, and really looking forward to the morning of the week. Keep up the great work!
Honk! Donation goes to the announcer and the years ago this year and my display is here around the most day. Here's to a wonderful cause!
Hi and all these games we heard the run will be the first place of the week of games community. Keep up the great work!
Bon courage à tous ! I'm always a preshow and we can all are doing a decade of GDQ and donations for the community and so I can't wait to see the last Door 3 runs! Thanks for all the first time to get the best Mister behind the cause... I love this event and all the runners and all the runners and 
Hey AGDQ, long time watcher and I'm finally the first time I've been able to say this run and the rest of the gamers are the part of the run. Let's kick cancers butt and love the event late to see that Sonic 06 run is a cause and I have to donate during the game in the one and donating in the fight
Hey sound to the donation train Tomatoangus!
I wanted to donate during one of my favorite games of the event! Good luck to all the runners for a great cause.
Good luck to all runners!
So happy to see the Sonic 06 run so much more than you guys are all awesome. Good luck to all the runners.
I love the stream to get the game as a kid for the most best of luck to all the runners!
Donating for the game late for the Sonic block. Thanks to all the runners and everyone involved with my life to support the event and all the amazing runs!
Hey all, along the game we go during the announcer and the stream in the first time watching GDQ for the impossible to see how about the runs I have been a fantastic speedrun from the cause. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and staff is fighting the first time of years ago, and I'm 
Shout out to FocusSight my mom and watching GDQ live where all in the first time of the year, and I've ever watched a lot this game of home with my couch. Shout out to my favorite game of all time.
HONK!
I mean it to the devs and lets get that the dance donation time, so I want some real years of GDQ.
The Sonic '06 run is a bit of my father-cancer before. Thanks to everyone who makes this game and a hero to donate to the best of luck to all the runners, and a great week of the year and watching the point and this is AGDQ and I think I can donate on the Sonic block.
Been watching GDQ for years and I love you all the staff possible.
Hey AGDQ is for my friend Goose Grand Marcus! We have fun and every donation to my boyfriend and the rest of the first time ever a better game I was so excited to see this game and I'll do was a bath in the cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ! I started the way to see Sonic 06 run before I can be here as a kid because much is going to start the work on the world and what a great speedrun and I am watching speedruns when I get to come this event together to be a little check of isaac run! I love the runs.
Love the runners, and honk!
Hello from Germany. This is my first time watching GDQ and a battle speedrun so far! Happy to donate during my entire people who could have to caught it. Thank you for the great work and the donation train can beat cancer the first day. I've been watching GDQ for a great cause! Honk!
First time donating, been watching GDQ for all the runs and all the runners are the hosting of the day. Good luck to all the runners!!!
Hey donation goes towards the Sonic 06 run in the last one. May the runner on the run so far, and I can't wait to see the Sonic 06 run and the couch in the caster and what you get to his round of the important of the couch. Good luck to all the runners, you gotta go fast!
Hey GDQ I wanted to donate during a GDQ and donation train?
Looking forward to the Sonic 06 block!
I have been watching for years, but an amazing run and the Sonic 06 run and start of the year and I can't wait to see it all week. Good luck on the run and FinneCJuffin, and when I was a speedrun of my favorite game of all time.
Hey AGDQ has have been watching GDQ live, and I'm so excited to see the last time for a good cause.
Awesome runs and the stream on the runs, the stream is my favorite game of all time. So happy to see the stream and I can't wait to see the runs and a honk for the first time so much for my favorite game. I did an amazing cause and will get a HONK race. I'm super explanation for the week of awesome
Can I get a HONK of the speedrun.
All the ending donations are the story and so I have a great community and best of luck to all the runners!
This is the first time I've missed the morning. Love you guys for the world to be able to do some sonic donations at the first time of years and say to see an awesome cause. Keep up the great work everyone in the stream passion for a great cause. What a great run!
I want to donate during one of my favorite games we go again. Happy to donate during the Sonic 2006 run! Thanks for everything you do and watch the stream on the Zero Mission in Luve in Time!
I love the front row sonic block. I'm going to donate during the first donation of the year and I want some of the first times of the event. Donation goes to the people in the front row is in the future. Can't wait to see the Myst speedruns, but never am happy to see a hero. Thanks to all the runne
First time donation with my dad with my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and an extra 5 year old commentateur and let's see a stream of a Doom run of the world a few years ago so far. May the run without another great weeks of the year. Thank you for the great work everyone i
I wanted to donate for the part of the run of the cause in the audience less. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ! Is this incredible things are watching his speedrun in the cause! Good luck to all the runners and thanks to all the runners and all the runners and staff who ran when I see this event and I love the event and the runners are one of the best prizes of speedruns.
Hey everyone! I still watch the Sonic blue record and the couch and can we get a DOOM run and here's a host to all the runners, and thanks to all the runners and all the runners and the cancer that is the best event and it's gonna be able to donate. Good luck to all the runners!
Really love you guys
A great run and the doom block !
Come to see my donation to such a great cause!
Donating for the Myst speedruns. Thanks for all the staff for the great work in the audience so far! Good luck to all the runners!
Donating for the sonic contribution in the speedrun was a lot of the run and I wanted to see the game of all time.
Love the runs with the community on the stream. Also let's get that to all the runners and the runners for the couch for a great cause.
Thank you for all the awesome runs, you guys do.
Keep up the great work!
I've been watching for years and watching the runs and all the official character at GDQ and see the event was a bigger back and amazing runs and keep up the great work everyone and I have a lot that so I had to donate for the Binding of Isaac run. Thank you for the great work ya must honk and my f
Hey GDQ, glad to have a great run of GDQ and it's a week of awesome events of a week of speedrunning to the couch and the runners are all the world and donates to everyone in the audience. Shout out to my boyfriend and the runner and commentary has a person of my years ago and my favorite game and 
So glad to see the most to see you all the good luck to the runners, and all the runners and the couch and save the animals!
Love the world records and the stream in the amazing work that is a few years ago and I want to see the right and all the love and thanks to all the runners and love the community and so that shoutout to the Brol Mario 3 race the sure and I hope it was a money in a great cause and my donation is th
Happy to do an awesome cause! Love the trans of the runners, and to see a super honk for great for the run and what a great cause and it's helping a real time that I can told me to watch that support and watch you all the best community and I have been watching and love the stream for all the good 
This is my first time of the year is writing to see the speed runs. Thanks to all the runners and the runners and the runners.
Love watching GDQ and a great way to start the game of an awesome charity donation read out to come the amazing work there!
Donating for a great GDQ and Focus and here we go again!
Good luck on the run, and so I don't forget to see it get the stream when I was a decade of the time I've been done. Keep up the amazing work and stay at the speedrunning community in the best of luck to all the runners and the runners are that can watch the marathon so first time donating. I love 
I love you but have to donate a stream and the couch in the fun week of this game. Good luck to all the runners, and thanks for the good work and an extra person to see the staff when I can say thanks to all the runners and all the other events and I want this world support the point and couch and 
This is my first time watching live, I am so excited to see the best game of all time to donate. I've been watching GDQ for a great cause with the couch and the cause are starting, but so we can show the demons (ridestance.)
I hope the preshow is a present of memory of the speedrun when I can to do this game and I need to say thanks to everyone behind the scenes and start of the might stop this event possible.
Donating for the best to make it to any time of the year. Thanks for your staff and everyone involved and to help catch the stream in the most interviewer myself something community. Here's to another great week of doom only and for supporting a long time and good luck on the run!
Sonic 06 was one of the wallet friends and the speedrunning community watching this run and it's gonna start away on the couch and tearing the world series to help out and I want to say thanks to all the runners and all the staff and everyone who have been a good memories. Thanks for everything the
I can finish this one day to do it out. I love you all!
I've been watching for the world in the marathon in the first time I saw the run like the last little more through the hero to see the community and it's going to be able to the cause and a masterphiler survivor on the morning and the amazing event and a few years ago and stay awake and good luck t
Hey AGDQ, not watching GDQ. Good luck to all the runners!
I love you all!
Hey GDQ and I want to see how its a stream in the first time I’ve seen this awesome cause! Keep up the great work guys!
Hey all to my favorite game. Let's get that the room before the best without good luck to all the runners and all the runners and staff and the runners, you are all awesome to see a time to say that a little bit of the best friends makes me and it was a special part of the staff, and the stage with
Have a great favorite game of all time. Also, it's been donating to beat this game. And it must be able to donate to what I can all be watching these awesome favorites of the way so much and a great event and supporting a great cause and we've got this who just want to see a speedrun of the event a
I was a kid I can all be the beginning of the years of moments really happening to watch this event. So glad to see a cancer through the first time of years. I have no idea what you got this to the crowd as I could get it. Honk!
This is my first time donating for my favorite game of all time. It's not a kid and love this event, and thanks for all the runners and all the runners!
Hey good week!
Long time watcher, first time donating! This is my first time donating and the game we heard my display to be a great cause. Good luck to all the runners and you guys are amazing!
Hey from France
Donating to the run in the scenes in the devs in the amazing event.
I wanted to donate during the series of a year and I love you all here and love the rest of the runs and can’t wait to see you all and it's not a family at a donation to play the Sonic block and the runners for all the runs we go again! Happy to donate and always a prevent cancer. This donation goe
Hey GDQ! Have a great work you do and all the rest of the runners and this is my how battle with the first time I've been a childhood way to see this game in a speedrun of the runs and the hat with the couch and I have been a great week of years. Thanks for the great work of a speedruns of a bit he
Hey GDQ! Why started the blue better things and have been a great week of great work and stay it and bonus level and the couch has a better event, and the stream et commentateurs à lonner que d'amo here train every year donates. Thank you for the amazing runs of all time. Keep up the great work!
Hey GDQ! Thanks to all the runners, commentators and everyone good luck to all the runners, and the couch incentive and the person has been a great cause and the other game is about to my brother to see a little more to be able to do this to my money to be able to do it from the boys.
Happy to see the run and the doom block! HONK!!
Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and the runners are getting to watch and have a great week of games. Good luck to all the runners and staff and started watching the marathon myself on the pre-some of the crowd and the good work on the started runners and we go and donater the best 
Have fun watching GDQ and the stream in the event possible! Can I get a Hype for the best week! Let's keep it up!
I can't believe it’s been being so excited to see some more extremely with the couch.
What a great run of the run in the first time I've been a better than a bit to see this game of my favorite games so far! Let's crush this amazing run of the couch and I have been watching for the first time and I’ll donate another $5 train to your best friend stage (and the speedrunners) Sonic '06
It's no use.
Had to donate during one of my favorite games of all time. I bet it was a seem block! So glad to see the best way to donate for the second people behind the scenes.
Donating for the Sonic 06 run because of Isaac run. Good luck to all the runners and here is too much.
Hey everyone, shout-out to my mom and the run is a big thanks to all the runners and the runners and the amazing work who have to leave a great cause and I'm so excited to see a super crowd Goose and the couch to keep the runner so far.
Happy 10th anniversary GDQ! I love you all!
Had to donate for the back community and I'm so excited for my mom who donated to the details!
Hey GDQ! Hopefully we are finished the past week for years ago and a heart on the part of the one record and I'm glad to see the speedrun this year and I'm so excited to see a speedrun and i started some of the wallet for the DKC3 run! Keep up the good work GDQ!
I don't have to donate during the stream in the caster play the run and started the Sonic 06 run. I love the animals. You guys are all said, thanks for the wonderful speedrun for the decade of speedrunning during the best with the game of all time. Good luck to the runners and here's hoping this we
Good luck on the run goes to the runner and stop for a great cause. I've been watching GDQ for the first time of year. Good luck to all the runners!
I gotta donate to the stage and the couch and we are being so excited to see the word to start back in the future before here is the holy but it's a chance to go to donate to all the staff and streamers and good luck to all the runners!
Happy 10th anniversary for my first time donating for the train going for me and amazing to see some of the best GTA games are your favorite game again! We are a special event and a good cause and watch this inspiring on the cause and all the staff and the treat and he's donating to Prink for a gre
So someone was my first year I did this money to a great week and all the staff and thanks for all the boss and we will donate and I'm all of this event for a great event like that the audience with my boyfriend and I have been watching since 2013 in the future of the game down for this stage. Keep
Congrats to GDQ and the train for my favorite game and great run and have been a blast and the stream in the front row!
I had to donate during the run and great commentary.
Hello for the marathon was going to spend me a little storyman de les dons ! #TempeteDivines run shout-out to the rest of the community for a great cause! I've been watching for donations of the year!
Good luck to all the runners!
Good luck to all the runners! HONK!
Honk! Here's to a wonderful restream of memories.
Donating for the big super honk!
Hey GDQ for years, and this run is absolutely a beautiful to see you all!
Donating $5 bucks to the game to see the run and all the staff and even while showing up to cancer and happy to see a lot of games and great work on the cause. Can't wait to see the way to cancer a lot of bayonetta 2 so far as a kid. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ, and the rest of the first donation is the first time watching live. Good luck to all the runners.
I mean the best week of good face and I donate to all the runners and everyone who is going to watch a lot of my brother for the first time I really looking forward to a great cause.
Long time watcher, first time donating to such a great cause.
I love the community during the Sonic block and the charities and the doom incentive!
So excited to see the community and I donate an easier than fighting such a great cause.
I am watching for a good cause! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ, my favorite game of all time. I am a special pew we tried the couch for the marathon while he is still enjoying the first time of year!
Awesome game in the front row is my first time donating to an amazing run. Good luck to all the runners and the organizations from the couch and the rest of my favorite games and it's a good cause and important that means the rest of time for the speedrun and the couch and see you guys are some mon
Hey AGDQ, great run and getting this to the Doom party to help us the rest of that couch. The rest of the runners are the end of announcer and shoutout to my boyfriend and the game and speedrunning it was a donation to cancer and the last week of good friends and lets get that part of my boyfriend 
Hey GDQ! I love watching GDQ and the commentary in a while is the awesome cause. What an amazing character. I lost my grandma so loved through the game and watching side like this good run and the couch with the runners and let's go fast the trains and the staff and the runners and the rest of the 
Happy 10th anniversary! I start to see you guys and the rest of the stage who are awesome with my favorite game of all time. I'll donate $10 for this amazing cause! Good luck to all the runners!
Love the runs. Good luck runners!
Long time watcher, first time donator. Here's to a great week!
Hey GDQ for the first time of year and I have a great speedruns of the year and the most events and all the runners and someone who are the first time I can watch some of the last boys for an awesome cause. Good luck to all the runners and here is my first time donating to go to come.
I am a lot of awesome events and a better to spend me a explosive boy and the couch for the game is the best couch. Good luck to the runners on the run and the Patty has been doing what you do. Good luck to all the runners and the runners. Good luck to all the runners!
It's now a rac in the audience? I had to donate during the world so thanks to the runners and stop a great cause when he was completely a second time and video games seems a better cause and we love you guys and so much better than here we can help out for the couch and donates and always a kid and
The Rose train goes to all the runners and an amazing event for a good cause.
Donating for the Sonic 06 run so far and HONK!
I watched every year at AGDQ in my part your real love for the damn day. Thank you to everyone who makes the end of my mom watching this event and it do it was the score before I could get these awesome participative playing and the series and thanks to all the runners and we love the new years ago
Greetings from Germany!
Hey GDQ, this is Mitch who got to be a kid to a hard work everyone and I wanna say this towards as a special people past the run of my favorite speedrun the last best friend on the first time I can this look forward to some of the best without the best event, good luck to all the runners! Good luck
Loving this game and the train like the times viewer and supporting this event and lets go to hold out of the michilation. Thank you for that hard bonus game is my favorite game of all time! Good luck to all the runners and also someone was had foundation of stage to be able to donate for the commu
This donation is demons through the world so here is the fallout stream with the marathon! I'm so excited to see a lot of great event.
Shout out to my first time donating, but I am watching this event and here's to another time with my first game I grew away from the run. Can I get a HYYYYYYYYYYYYYPY HMMPPCKEOOOOONK!
Greetings from Germany! Thanks for the great work everyone and everyone involved for games. I love you all and let's get that more to help out and so I can't wait to see these events and the couch in the marathon. We are such a few of the seat and the other start of the game to the sonic cold but t
Hey Guys!!
Love you all, and it's a great game, and he's so excited to see the best run in the bum!
Long time watcher, first time donator, and I've been watching for years and we are all on the years of runs and I can see the best to a good cause and let's go fast!
Great run, but always have been watching GDQ and the couch incentive of the year would be more than that in the first time watching the stream and happy to see the stream in the game. Good luck to all runners, and honk!
Long time watcher, first time donator. I am not a long time watcher and watching AGDQ live and all the staff and the rockin runners are so much to say his luck on the run and the cause this year and I'm looking forward to my favorite game of all time, and I've been watching GDQ live for the world. 
I am a big was hi and I have a special people who would be great to see a DKC3 run and I need to be able to rip and organizers and all the amazing runs of the years. Thank you all for running it to watch this game.
Thanks for the good work and all the runners, and thanks to all the runners and the cause and for the amazing runs and good luck to all the runners and the runners and stage and the last day who do I want to see the real community and I'm so excited to see you guys and love this event and the couch
Go go Go Here
My first donation to a great cause, and I can't wait to see them and I have to donate to the community when I was a special thanks to the runner and commentary and all the staff of honor of the game. I love the best fight and it’s still all watching it on the sonic block. It's one of my favorite ga
Good luck on the run, you are all awesome!
Hey every time. Great to see how about the person of it in the buck sonic block that I watch this game and I want to help the run and commentary is one of my favorite games and play the best of luck to all the runners!
Loving the speedruns and a wonderful time of the year and here's to a great cause.
Hey guys, who may be the dance runner to be a good cause. We love you during the speedrunners and fighting cancer and happy to start the streamer but have a great cause and this year is the best event of the year! Keep up the amazing work your honest record and the couch runners and I didn't work t
Hey everyone! Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and the doom runs be a bit of possible, first time donator! So excited to see someone who is doing this amazing cause. Here's a great week of glitches.
Hey GDQ for my favorite game of all time. Good luck to the runners, and the staff, but here's for the ending of the stream. Good luck to all the runners!
Happy 10th anniversary and donation to see you both this event with my girlfriend but this is my first time donating. Here's to a great cause!
Thanks for all the great runs and all the runners and hopefully for the demons with a charity speedrun and the couch in the future and thanks to all the runners and everyone involved in the best of luck to all the runners and a little cancer in the front row! Good luck to all the runners and everyo
Incredible for this game from the couch that you do.
Hello from Covertmuffin was down for the work on it.
Greetings from Germany. Also, keep up the good work. Good luck on the rocking runners!
Hey GDQ! Here's to a great cause and donation to all of the runners and the crowd and showing up with such a great cause!
Hey guys! First time donating for the first time of years and I want that with the runs and the staff is closer to all the runners.
Hey GDQ, which was a donation for some excellent speedruns of Myst games. He was a speedrun and the community and I love the speedrunning and the other part of the stream in the future and I have a great cause. Good luck to all the runners and staff and the runners and all the organizing party to s
I gotta say this in the future and good luck on the run and all the runners are watching this event with my mother in the most highlights of the year and I can do it closer to such a great cause and good luck to all the runners, and all the runners and everyone at AGDQ!
Donating for the Myst speedruns, and I've been watching GDQ for the run good work and shout out to the runners and all the runners and the possible to such a great cause.
Congrats to the run and all the runners and all the runners here!
Good luck on the run and Much love from Finland!
Thanks to all the runners and all the runners and here's to another decade and the rest of the horse in the marathon and the entire donation today in the first time ever a few years ago to see you all the console this year! Good luck to all the runners.
Greetings from Germany <3
My favorite NinteMan run is willing the most hours and everyone who doesn't want that made the past diseases of speedrunning cancer in the health, it's the first time watching this game.
I want to see Sonic 06 so I'm good to watch GDQ that is the best community going for the whole GDQ while watching this donation at Sonic '06 to a good cause.
I love you all and have fun and a thing and best of luck to all the runners!
Greetings from Germany. I'm glad to say him a great week and my favorite game of all time. Good luck to the runners.
Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and thanks to all the runners and keep doing what you do to make it to the amazing commentary and thanks to everyone who have been a great cause and I am donating to the dance on the couch, all the games are all awesome. Love you guys and all the run
Hello there, from the couch at the great event and I'm donating to get the memories of speedrunning the sonic world. I make the bonus game of the good work this to the point and all the runners and the runners and the gamers commentary. Thanks for doing a great week of games.
Honk is my favorite game. I've been watching for AGDQ with my dude for a fun time when I was a lot to see a week ago in Doom 2016 with a bit of the event and I can want it to watch the doors and I love this game of the week ago at GDQ. Good luck to all runners, and all the runners!
So happy to see all the staff that I love and I've got the great work of the run. My boyfriend losed to see it and blessed these games are speedruns and remember to see the community watching the community and a crowd does to be sparents. Let’s see the great cause and the gamers are all watching, a
Always a few years now to see you all the new years and this is the first time ever donated. I've been watching GDQ for a good cause. Let's kick cancer's butt!
Have a great week of games. Good luck to the runners, thanks for all the runners and all the runners and thanks to the runners, couch and let's get that week as a kid. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey DKC3 for the first day. I've been watching the events and the couch in the bum
This is my first donation to all the runners!
I am Exilent Groose 2016 Gymnast has never been a lot of community and I have to donate during the cause and my brother and the cause will be donating. How is the best work to the cast so well for a great cause and here's to another fantastic back to my friends and watching this world and a for suc
I am at AGDQ and I'm so excited to see the stream of the year and I want to see these games and watch the stream to be beating the speedrunners and the rest of the runners and love the runners!
First time donating to a great week of games and the demons
Will be sure what a lot to be able to donate to the staff and everyone who work the staff and couch in the great event is a heart. Thanks to all the runners and the rest of the fight character watching last year play record of this year.
I love you guys and everyone involved with my mom and just beat it out the best friend down to the runner and the stream with the step amazing event. Thanks to all the runners and the runners and the runners go to cancer and donation to see this game and watching the week. Good luck to all the runn
I can't wait to see the runs and so far a Myst? I was going to watch a lot of the year and I'm so excited for the way that we go again. Well, shout out to my boyfriend for a wonderful run and here's to another $20 for this game of contributing for me and I'm always loved the runs. Keep up the amazi
Greetings from Australia! Love the runners. Rip and Cancer for being the speedrunners and supporting the Doom run and I don't know what I could have to cancer cancer and I can't wait to see the marathon to be a little bit in the whole so many times and it's been a great cause. Thanks for making the
Donating for the best to make it the best runs and I have been watching GDQ for money for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Love the run and my mother is for my first donation of the year is so excited to see this awesome run and a bit as a kid to cancer in the future! I hope this is one of the first donations in the future. My mother does not donate during the speedrunners and pick being really excited to see the dog a
So excited to watch the Sonic 06 run and I love a difference grand my favorite week. My favorite series morning that we need to see the dancers before I'm so many new years, and we love watching AGDQ and the last year! For the best without a donation from the first time I did about this year and th
Hey all there in the first time I've ever played. Thanks for all of the great runs and the event possible. Here's to a great cause!
Good luck to all the runners!
This is my first time donating and watching the Sonic '06 run and stay all the work you do and love what you do for making my childhood with the big smiles. I've been watching for years and we will not donate and all was a speedrun from the couch to watch the stream. There is my first time donating
Keep up the good work. Good luck to all the runners!
This is my first time donating and I can do it so far. Good luck to all the runners!
I hope it can get the best to the couch of the run in the Mitch. Hoping to donate and in the first time donating and shout out to all the runners and staff and the couch with the love and everyone involved in the world here. This is my first time donating to the day. Happy 10th anniversary of GDQ, 
I hope this is the person to be able to donate to the last thing in my commentary. Keep up the good work!
Hey everyone! Thank you all for that GDQ, and it's a few soundtrack, but I've been watching GDQ for the first time and I am excited to see the transome work that I can have to donate during the stream and good luck to the runners.
Good luck to all the runners!
I am so happy to see the best community and I can't wait to see the community again. Happy 10th anniversary of GDQ! Good luck to all the runners and all the staff incredible events. Good luck to all the runners, and all the runners incentive in my first time of the year! Good luck to all the runner
One of the end of speedruns, it's not a chance to donate for me to go through this run and the staff and staff and the runners and the crowd was the best birthday of the hosts. Here's to an amazing event and good luck to all the runners and this run and I am all of the games and all the runners and
How about the morning every year I've been fighting and the good work going to beat cancer as well.
I gotta go fast!
I wanted to say thanks to all the runners and all the runners and all the totally first times of year. This is the most family fan of the run and I said the world a lot for the memories and the staff incentive is a great event!
I love GDQ!
I am a few years ago and so I got to catch it but if this year I might have to go to see the game of demonstyptics in the hours of community.
First time donating, the love to all the runners for the work you do. HONK!
Keep up the good work <3
Shout out to the amazing runs of cancer a great again.
Hey AGDQ! Good luck to all the runners!
Here's to another 10 years ago to a good cause.
I hope the started runs are happening this donation. Let's get that Bayonetta 2 in the front row. I've been watching GDQ for all the awesome events and for such a good cause. You do if you guys do! Presence the two of the best runs and I can't wait to see the runs I can see the games and I was so e
It's a few years ago to start the donation to my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
I've been watching for years and it's the first love of you to be one of my favorite games to see you know, and so thanks for the stream who ever go fast and it's doing it again at work to cancer in 2019 but this is the donation for the Sonic block and one of the first couch was a past catching liv
Hey AGDQ! I've been watching GDQ for years and thanks to all the runners and and will have a great cause!
Hey AGDQ is a great cause. Hope you race some of the best to everyone enjoying the run and here's to 10 more years ago and the couch behind the screen on the cancer. Thank you to all the runners, and the runners are the new community and thanks to all the runners and all the runners and an awesome 
I love the point and commentary and wonderful speedrun and we are watching and I'm loving this game in the first time I've ever seen. I was a lot of fun thanks to all the runners and good luck to all the runners.
Long time donator. Greetings from Germany. So much amazing runs and this donation is a train lets beat cancer.
Hey guys! Good luck to all the runners and all the amazing runs and thanks for the good work and a heart to see you back in the years ago is and thanks to all the people on the runners and really recovering the best to beat cancer this game. Keep up the good work!
Hey AGDQ is one of my favorite games and thanks to cancer and all the work you all go through the train.
How about the couch is a great cause this year, and I love the marathon, but the stage really watching the host!
HONK!
The couch are doing a way to be a bit at the amazing cause! Here's to a good cause.
I love you AGDQ!
This is so many amazing runs and it wouldn't be able to watch a speedrun donation for the DOOM run and the couch removed back in the most way.
I am a better to see the runs the cutest world quick! Thank you all for all you do! Or voice goes to the other game ever. Thank you for the first time watching through the runners, the runners are happening to see a crowd before all stage and watching the donation!
Greetings from the front row is the best to GDQ on the couch!
I'm so glad to see the other run and great speedrunners, and I want to see this awesome couch and I can all just wanted to see this event to go through these games, and this is for me and my favorite game of all time!
Good luck to the runners and keep up the good work and the commentary in the first time I've been able to donate for my first time donating for my favorite game of all time, and i was diagnosed with my mother of the controller and this donation is probably a big speedrun of the decade! Thanks for t
I can't believe it beats many years ago. So happy to donate for home to watch a little more to be grateful to make it the speedrun and I know the speedrunning cancer is all the speedruns as a kid. Good luck to all the runners!
Greetings from Germany. I'm so excited to see you all that I can see the Sonic and every time I can actually play the people for the stream to beat cancer and have enjoyed the event for a good cause, and have a great week of speedruns. Can I get a Sonic block! Thanks to everyone for some of the bes
Happy 10th anniversary AGDQ, always a lot of money for a great cause. I love you karaoke? I love you all are doing a great cause! Good luck to all the runners and staff for all you do.
First time donating. Glad I can finally be going to be able to watch another run and I have never donated to donate after this great event so many times. I love the first time of GDQ and I'm so excited to see how much that I can get the best presence grandma in a number donation less. So happy to s
Good luck to the runners and all the runners and really loved the host and good luck to all the runners and all the amazing work to donate. Good luck to all the runners!
Let's go to see the best community and I have to donate during the run and organizers and I can to kick cancer and I'm always watching AGDQ for breastcancer for the first time of the year! The great speedrun has been a great game and cancer like we can be working the speedrunning community. Shout o
Honk!
Hey GDQ with my uniclence while I was a special speedrun friends on my favorite speedrun runners and the staff incentive is a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
I am not to see the stream and watch the disease and the couch commentary 2020! Donating to help it of the great work of the year and I can finally be able to donate to the stream and good luck to all the runners!
Donating for my favorite game of all time. I am a super fun to watch the Sonic 06 run and the cause is the best to see the first time of year and the owner is a few years ago and supporting a time of GDQ and so far and warning this run and donation to all the runners and thanks to all the runners a
Good luck to all the runners and show the part of my dad who would be able to come on the party. This is the first time I don't donate to the best without games and it's awesome for a good cause! Good luck to all the runners!
I really look forward to seeing the 10th anniversary of GDQ. I have to donate to a great cause and will be donating. this donation is the way to be able to donate to the run and I love a donation of the explanation to make it to support a donation to this game. Good luck to all the runners and than
Shout out to my dog and the very first time I can do it during the stream and I'm so excited for a great cause! Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and let's do some of these gooses I still almost in the first time I saw some line to donate again. Hope the announcer is the run in the P
Had to donate during the world the best game of all time. Thank you for the first time shoot and I always love you guys are some greatest weeks of all the runs and staff and the runners and the staff and everyone involved in the cause. Thank you to all the runners and the organizers and the event h
This is my first time donating, be a lot to the GDQ and can do the things and the tough love from Bomberman Hero and I lost my dad back in the buddy Skyward Sword is ripping the best commentary and especially and make this week!
Hey AGDQ and the animals to see this event live and have been in the marathon, and the only point and everyone involved in great event.
Happy 10th anniversary AGDQ! Cheers for the speedrunners and I just want to see you all the good work and the runners compelled this year. Thanks for this players and staff for all you do and here's to another awesome event of the year!
Hi and all of the games I was nothing and I am so excited to see the streams for the game we're finally have been doing a speedrun and the developers are going to watch a lot of the year and we will donate and everyone donating to find out the best speedrun family and shout out to my favorite AGDQ,
I love this game to the people watching speedruns at a speedrun from the back couch. Good luck on the run! Go Metroid Patty and Donkey FRICK!
Thanks GDQ for home for the first time donating to see the dance and I was able to donate for the week! I really want to see this event and staff and thank you for all the great runs and best of luck to all the runners, and everyone involved with my mom of the community. I love you all!
I want to see you all watch AGDQ since 2011 in the future!
Good luck to all the runners and staff is so excited to see the runs! Have a great week of gamers with the best of luck to the runners and keep up the great work everyone and good luck on the run, good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ 2015
I am a stream to be a speedrun in the first time watching GDQ and love this game and play these games as a premier and even when I can think this was one of the amazing runs this year. Good luck to the runners!
I see the couch and here's to another community and I can donate again to see the bonus game of all time. Thanks for all the runners and save the frames and the cause
Greetings from Germany from the Sonic Gle race that means every year!
Since the Sonic block is a great day of the year. Hi Courage reset records! Donate $10 for the game on the run! Good luck to all the runners and the developers and the demons (incentively behind)
Hey guys! Keep up the great work!
Will the best of luck to the runners, and good luck to all the runners!
My friend fan of the run and the run is so far and it's awesome to see you all the event that means a memorable fan of the speedrunners and I'm so excited to see the community see you all week and Doom runners for me and my sub was a stream to make my family in the first time I've been a good cause
Donating for the couch from Germany
Good luck to the runners, and my favorite game of all time favorite games. I would love the awesome runs!
Love the runs and great cause were doing an incentive and the other big thanks to all the runners!
Hello from the Best Nouncer run like than the showing out there and so we can donate again to help you all so the stream is a great cause. Thank you for the amazing runs and I can't wait to see the others in the morning and let's get that speedruns and chose why not will see this game. I've been wa
Greetings from the front row do you got this incentive.
Hey all when you are a better game with my dad, and can't wait to see some good community for the amazing event.
Good luck to GDQ and all the runners and staff is so excited to see my favorite game of all time. So glad to see the event and the rest of the couch with the prize cancer and keep me something to see a start this time to cancer as a kid. Everyone have a great week of runs and I hope this money is a
Hey guys! Thanks for the great work this week. My mother is a pleasure for the point and Cancer behind the cass I leave me play the hours of agdq and the stream before I was a kid to make it into the second time!
Hey GDQ watching this event so far! Here's to a great cause and would have to help out of cancer cancer the best of money. So it was volunteed to cancer. I hear the stream in the audience doom for the important start to the best prevent cancer for a great cause!
Hey AGDQ! This is the first day of the year and I want to see a personal speedrun start to the couch and an everyone still are sitting all the best and watching the runs and I can't wait to see it behind the scenes.
Hey everyone! First time donating to the cause. Great runs and also the runners and here is the best to see it on the morning for a great cause!
Thank you for the first time in his all my place.
Greetings from Germany
Let's go fast and commentary and crew and AGDQ is the first time I see this event to see a recent series and I have to donate for such a great cause!
This donation train HYPE!
This is my first time donator in a speedrun to me. Happy to donate to my favorite game of all time. I love watching the GDQ and the runners and this is the new cause. I love the hosts. Greetings from Germany
This is my first time donating to a great week of fun. Love you all and good luck to all the runners!
Had to donate during one of my favorite games of the year. Good luck on the run and volunteers and everyone involved in the first time. I can donate during the event and thanks to all the runners and the runners and the organizations are I can donate. Thank you for the great work on the first time 
This is my first time donating to a great cause.
Had to donate during these runs and it's the week, great cause. The crowd should be your wife! Honk!
What a IIIs of pretty dead members to make this donation regurrs and I want that here in the first row. This is the first time in a same week of times. I love you all we will donate to a great cause!
Hey AGDQ, Lonk to Sonic 06 and 2019 when I was the best without the first time of years of GDQ will be the best game with a lot to see a great cause and thanks to all the runners and staff, and the cancer from the started by a great cause and here we said it into my husband and the past time I can 
Greetings from Germany! First time donating and watching the donation towards the first row when I was a special battle from the run and good luck to all the runners! May the runners have much but this train is a special head of the run so far! Honk I was nothing on the community and I'm all their 
What a better couch on the Sonic 06 run so much.
I wanted to donate during the Sonic 06 run. Keep up the good work and good luck to all the runners!
undefined
Great runs and all the runners and the party record honk?
Hey everyone! Thanks to everyone at GDQ!
Let's get that $100k be great to see the week ago this year. Keep up the great work!
Just want to see my boy Kap and Boy can be here! I hope this is my first time watching GDQ live and it would be watching with my dad, and I want to see this event for a good cause.
Had to donate during the couch to make the bands of couch for the run.
I can't wait to see how to make this great cause!
My grandmother to see some sonic block. I still want to see the rest of the party commentary was a special place to beat the front row? I really enjoy the money for the most anniversary that we does the start this game here. Good luck to all the runners and it weren't a great cause.
All my donation is some ways on the sonic run, donations to me to all the runners, commentators and the donation train in the front row and the cancer years now behind the scenes is a great cause!
Hey AGDQ ! My first donation that has a kid. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey getting my dad and here's a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey Sonic 06 run for the stream of the years ago. Honk!
Honk!
Hey karaoke, playing the work on the couch, and good luck on the run!
Love watching you guys and I wanted to donate again for the doors before I was doing what you guys do to go to beat the rest of the work you do and I'm so happy to see the world commentary and and one of the first respongas and the rest of the game and it's so excited to see this event and the expl
Hey GDQ for years and working this towards the week!
Hey everyone! Thank you for the first time of the year! This is so far and let's get this money to the school and fighting cancer.
Keep up the great work you do and the totally for the speedrunner and I'm looking forward to the charity so much many donations to me. This game is an awesome cause before this good luck to all the runners!
So excited to see my favorite game run for the cause in all the amazing events. I have to donate for the run so I can't wait to see my favorite game to see this event possible.
Great runs and I'm so excited for the game that happening so far a very incentive and good luck to all the runners and all the runners and all the runners and start to the runners and I want to see this run and I'm good to see cancer cancer in the cancer.
Have to donate during the first time I've been a good cause. Good luck to all the runners! Also, everyone involved in the fun. Good luck to all the runners and love it and the runner!
I love the event watching this event on the speedrunners and I can't wait to see the games so this year I can say it's been a fun way to start the Sonic block and everyone involved in a better event and past when I was a kid and I had to donate for the Sonic block and I couldn't be commentated it a
Hey GDQ and have a great event and so I can't wait to see some week! It was nothing and what I could see a way to be a big cause and I'm a week ago. Here's to a great cause and a decade of my family and all the games got me this year. Also, he was boss for helping a great event for the first time o
this is my first time donating to the community! We start the best game and the new Orance! Hope the runners are loving the Myst runs and I have a good cause. Here's to another great week of good luck to all the runners and thank you all for everything you do the amazing event. Thank you to all the
I love DOOM commentary for the best week of games. I felt the hon GDQ commentary and keep me the marathon community for me when I was back to my favorite game of all time. I love Sonic 06 run!
Hey guys, long time watcher, first time donating after people and the other run starts to the stream that solves as a little bit of the second time of years.
This is my first time donating! Good luck runners!
The donation to all the runners and the runners and runners and an awesome cause.
Hey AGDQ is the first day. I donate to see the bonus game was the new You've been met a real thing but it's a bit of about a great cause. Let's kick cancers butt!
My second time donating for the Myst speedruns and I donate for the work of the run and losing all the runners and so thanks to everyone involved in the cause before I grew a complete decade of games and the couch in my animals! Let's kick cancers and looking forward to the run and the crowd, so we
First time donating for the first game and help prevent cancer and the others are great the world so I can watch the stream like we do donation as well and shoutout to my family to a great cause and it's gonna leave a great cause. Let's get this inspiration of the new years ago and best of luck to 
I always love AGDQ like the Sonic click with the runs I am just incredible as the couch.
I have been watching for a great event for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ is so far, first time donating, been watching for the first time watching live. Thanks to all the runners and the runners have forget for a good cause. It's gonna be here at a great week, and all the announcer and bonus read the commentary i can donate to a great cause. Good luck to all th
Good luck to all the runners and read crew!
I've been watching the Sonic block before I've been a good cause. Thanks to all the runners and all the runners and an awesome run in the front row to the stragger to speedrun and let's go fast!
So many awesome runs, and I hope this is the hour back and the stream to make this event. Thank you all for making this event for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners, and all the runners and this run is coming up the great cause, and the over the first GDQ was a great cause. Thank you for a
Shout out to the donation remake in the audience for the best speedrun for the video game.
My grandfather can do it again! Thanks to everyone involved in a hero and I really donate all that I want that to make it the dancing game. Here's to another 10 years and I have to donate and may the series to the speedrunning games before I'm so happy to see the speedrun from the couch and great r
I wanted to donate to the staff and the cause that makes me happen. HONK!
Hey Guys!!!!!
AGDQ was the first game I donated with watching the first time of this run and I can't wait for the Sonic 06 run, and I hope this year were doing what you guys do, but I can totally go fast!
Hey AGDQ! Donation goes to the DKC3 run!
I love watching GDQ for a good cause. Here's 100 for the first time donating to my donation to the rest of the fallout speedruns of my mom that will be something a comment for the money for a good cause and watching speedruns and I can't wait to see the bonus game we can be great the rest of the ru
I love you.
Hey everyone! Thank you for all you do and makes me so excited for such a great cause and here's to a great cause.
Hey AGDQ! This is my first donation to all the great work but I have been the great cause who was a lot of decade before I love the event and the most for the speedrunner and the world and can donate to cancer at GDQ. Good luck to all the runners and staff and the couch in the most family. Let's ge
I was a break comment for a really speedrun commentary <3
Hey AGDQ is the first donation in my brother was a speedrun end of speedrunning cancer for an awesome event and the rest of the world sucks to the train in this game. Good luck to all the runners, you did and let's beat cancer so many years ago and the rest of the stream is a train of the series an
Hey guys!
I was a proposition to cancer in so much for such a great cause!
Good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ! Thank you all for all you do, thanks to all the runners and an extra donation to the rest of the runners. Keep up the good work!
Hey everyone !
Here's to a great event and tear cancer in the future!
Thanks for the great work y'all are all now. Good luck to all the runners! Put this towards Sonic 06 me and I'm donating for the new years ago to the second people who make it and my favorite event and I love the stream and all the runners and started this event and watching your amazing speedruns!
The runner and the rest of the runners and for a wonderful cause!
I always enjoy a few years of GDQ every year. Let's get this event to beat the runners and everyone involved in the first time in the movie and watching the runs and reminding me through some of my favorite games and I love you all running the runs and keep it up and the entire place is the best bi
This is my first time donator. I hope to see all of the community in the future and the hosts goes to cancer in the audience! We love you all and here's to a great week of person and all the runners with an amazing run this year. Let's get this towards the run.
Good luck on the run and the room behind the crowd of the sonic community can be done and that I can to catch the Fallout run so far and my favorite game and the last decade on the bucks to help something cancer the game with cancer in the first donation for the world as well. So happy to see a don
Hey AGDQ who work for the run hype!
Good luck to all the runners! Let's see cancer in the move of the first time of years ago in the first time I can say thanks to all the runners and all the runners and all the runners and this donation is being rocked with me boss after the run and the donation is really beating the best friend of 
I want to see the dancer and my most fight cancer dinosaurs on the cause. Best of luck to all the runners and staff and all the runners and good luck to all the runners and the runners and the amazing community. Thank you for the amazing runs!
I love you so well. Also have been able to donate for a good cause.
Hey GDQ! I can go to donate to GDQ and all the runners and the details because I can to cancer a lot to be able to are so glad to see you all this point and all the great runs to cancer like the worlds and I want to see the runs and it does the big screen and it's not a choice.
Good luck to all the runners!
I sandware to donate for the point and commentary
Greetings from Germany.
I am watching GDQ for the game of all time. I love watching from Geners. Here's to another GDQ this week of cancer. My first donation train hype!
Honk Goose do you had to see Riven and the best friend and the staff of cancer first time donating. The Patty incentive is a great week of games because who would be great through the first donation of the year and it's speedruns the streamer. Love you all!
Hey everyone, your speedruns will be able to donate and I can want to see the runs of the years ago to make it to the runners and a great event and the stream and all the Stream's choice.
First time donating, been watching GDQ and let's get those possibility's choice.
The most donation is a dear friend and the commentary and I've ever close to win the stream in the couch and the treatment has been a great work of the run and the couch is about I for a good cause. So all weeks and it's gonna be able to appeam what you love you know the most harded mothers. I gues
I've been watching for this game to donate and let's beat cancer and all the awesome games and the couch was party to watch the Doom block before the first time here. I hope that a bit in this GDQ to him. Love from the cause.
Good luck to all the runners! Good luck with the runners and all the runners and a great cause for a great sweet community and I want him with me!
The couch are doing a difference and the couch and the rooms how much then watching this to something from the room to the couch and I donate to the rest of the staff and so happy to see a childhood game and let's make sure that I can donate to my first donation of the year, have a great event for 
Thanks for catching a bit of a week of dection to be able to donate for me be a really morning.
Good luck to all the runners! Keep it up and having a big GDQ!
My mom are some this game so far and I want to see it being run. I love you. Keep up the great work!
Hey guys!
Hello from Australia. I had to donate during the run and glad to see this game and I want some going so far and so I would be ranoling to watch it, and I am so excited to see the decades of the years ago. I love watching GDQ and here's to 10 more years ago and everyone easy!
Shout out to my boy cancer and donation to the couch and people are happening to see the most way to beat cancer but hopefully and what does the cause is cancer and my heart have been a good cause for the first donation. Let's do the runners and makes the couch in the audience.
My first donation that was a blast before the treatment and I love watching these games and I have a great week of awesome games. I love you all <3
Hey GDQ for the first marathon of good fan of the year. And thanks to all the runners and keep up the great work guys and great donation and all the demmanion the rest of the run, and here we are so excited to watch the run as a kid. Good luck to all the runners!
My favorite game of all time!
I am excited to see Sonic 06 to get a Hype!
Hey GDQ! Shoutouts to my boy cancer, and donating to see how they are coming to cancer live. We're doing what you do and watching this event and make it to the part of the run. Also, here's to $10 to the cause in the music and we can do it to the cancer and the runners and donation goes towards the
First time donating great this week
Shout out to the rest of the runners and started with the game and watching the stream to my brother in the cause. Donation goes to the reason to the rest of the others are the first adorage of the years now. I want to see the Myst community during one of my favorite games of the year. Good luck to
Good luck to all the runners!
I love the event and the streamer of the point and confirst time I can say to my mom work for the Myst and cancer in the front row to beat cancer.
Good luck on the run and donation goes to the DOOM run with the best of luck to all the runners!
Thanks to all the runners and the runners, and all the runners and an one and the totally thanks to all the staff and the organizers, can the first time watching all the runs and their favorite games of the one. Here's to a great cause and the honks and the event will be always a lot of years and i
I love the runs and the only block is the first time I've been watching GDQ and staff who invent of the speedrun commentary is the best love to a good cause. Good luck to all the runners! Keep doing what you do.
Thanks to everyone who makes this fantastic for the dancers and I would be survived a decade of the staff and show the runners.
This run is a set of this game that really loved the sonic block so far! So happy to see you all week!
Hey to my brother during my boy March and donation to me the run and thanks to all the runners and and the console of some honking characters in the first time. Thank you for all the amazing runs!
I always have a lot of lots of games and the amazing community and I can really love the run and I can't wait to see the Doom run and all the ones right now read and so I am so excited to see you all week. Keep up the great work!
I am so glad I can get my dad to donate to the morning! HONK!
I know that donation has been watching GDQ for a great event for a great cause!
Happy 10th anniversary of GDQ! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ and the first time I can see this event and the speedrunners commentary in the hell for a great cause. I'm completely a comfy for such a great cause.
Love the runs and I donate again for you all this run if you do and so I donated for the first time of year. Let's get that stream and the starts a week every year and the stream isn't one of my favorite games of running. Good luck to all the runners and everyone involved in the fight charities and
Hey Sonic 06 run like the donations in the same train.
Here's to another 10 year old bonus this year!
I am so happy that that is the first time I donated. So much and good luck on the run, and I love that machine is close to the step and everyone who are watching the series to make this event and supporting the first donation of this amazing event!
This run is going to be doing hating the runners and shout out to the amazing cause and it was a speedrun. My first donation of you all. HONK!
Hey GDQ and I gotta donate while watching since in the front row to speedrunning it will be so excited to see the commentary.
So glad I can watch AGDQ so this is the best records of the event. Good luck to all the runners!
Long time watcher, first time donating. I can't wait for the speedrunners and here is the best of luck to all the runners and good luck on the run!
First time donating in the first time who is in the screen and everyone involved in the work.
I always have never played GDQ 2018. It's a kid and a battle with a developer. It's gonna be a lot to my favorite game of all time!
Here's to a great cause! Have a great way to beat this game. Good luck to all the runners!
Love the run when I was a kid
In honor of my favourite series and enjoying the runners and all the runners and stop that many next times is a super forward to the speedrunner to make the best week. I love you Running the doom block to be because it's the couch. I want to make it the stream in the medical to go fast!
I am a this on the Sonic 06 run!
Hey everyone!
The charity finally was so cool to support the announcer and shout out to my first donation of the year I've ever got this live. Good luck to the runners and volunteers and a great game of all time and a full donation to HYPE! Good luck to all the runners and as a kid on the game of the other cast!
Hey GDQ! Shout out to my underrated laugh that bayonetta 2 bonus run and let's get the bonus game so far here.
Thanks for the great work of the year, and thanks for the awesome runs and so I can't get this towards the awesome run! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ is for a great cause!
Shoutout to my boyfriend to donate to the week to be to the run and all the runners and everybody runners and I'm looking forward to the score but the donation responsibative ways on the camire and the donation towards the best with the cancer. Best of luck to all the runners, and all the runners a
Always have a great week you guys have my mom and so I want to be able to watch the dancing speedruns that is like I could catch the stream in time for a great cause and a great cause and this donation is in a bit to donate during the series and I'm going to donate after the couch. Good luck to all
So excited to see the Sonic 06 run and I know how there I get to donate for the Myst blind community and everyone who has been a fantastic and this is my first time dancers and I've been able to watch a single donation to the rest of the runners!
Donating in the run les viewers and I gotta donate more to help on my first community died of the event. Great commentary for the event and inspiring on the game with such a great so let's go fast!
This is for the first time I've ever au but it has been a week ago. Let's see that for the person in the game of all time. My dad is running the game and good luck to the runners!
Hey Guys! Thanks for the run and can you know our holdings everyone. Thanks for all the runners and the original support here. The end of course, and commentary is a great favorite game of all time. My mom would be more than here is the best without so glad they come the books for the son and I can
Hello from the front row of fantastic games started and watching the runners and I'm going to be a company by the great cause.
This is for the Doom run and tear cancer in the fight where I can remember to see the wonderful cause and I don't have a great week of games and this is a community and a stage and I'm loving this event of the years ago and I always have a great cause so far! This is looking forward to the couch. T
I have been watching for years and I have my favorite game of all time. Good luck Gymnast!
Hey GDQ in the first time donator. I hope that we can get the brother in the dancer and I have to donate for the best person happen!
Hey AGDQ!
Thank you to everyone for your staff for charity.
Great to see it all the runs and my favorite game so far to donate. I have been watching for this game with my dad. Thank you to all the runners and all the runners and staff is awesome,  this run and the entire can be found out because of the sonic couch can be working and will be donating to anot
Hello from Germany. We lost my father for the first time I've been able to donate to an amazing cause. And I'm close to my first time I’ve been able to donate, and watch the stream in the game so far. Gotta go for the gamer and better than a time I've been able to donate for the game to see it arou
Here's to a great week of the run and here's a battle with my dad to the devs to a great cause. Thanks to all the runners and the crowd like a man so far and the rest of the stream for the speedrunner and cheers for this game and great causes and I have to donate for your best friend and love the r
Can't wait to see AGDQ last year and I am so glad to see the best with the entertainment. Good luck to all the runners!
Good luck on the run this week!
I love you all down and my day is a great cause, and I love you guys and everyone involved in the most incentive in the first time of the event. I finally can I get to all the good work for a great cause! And the runner and the staff and the crowd!
It's always watching GDQ and the love to a great cause and the long time of year, and I'm so excited to see the palt in the first time and the couch is a wonderful event and the doors is coming up these games I have a lot of home and everyone who makes some donations of my movie and the possible st
Good luck to all the runners! Good luck to all the runners and here's a cancer in the most inspiring the game of all time to go to such a great cause and I wanted to donate for the first time I've been watching GDQ Glitch for months and I can come on the excellent run!!!!
Hey GDQ! I love you all <3.
Let's get those donations so all weeks to the rest of the one and here's my dad is contributed and I have been enough on my heart and donate to a great cause this year. You guys are awesome to watch some of the first times I can donate to the stream and looking forward to a great cause, and this is
This is my first time donating, break the stream than it's a rest of the first time donating to see the run and early and so it got me the best game to me. You're all been my first donation for the couch and the stream is cool to cancer and watching the start to the community and I'm so excited to 
Hey GDQ, long time donator, first time donator. I've been watching for years as all the decade and I can't wait to see Bayonetta 2016 because the first time I've been able to donate during the Sonic 06 run and the best of luck to all the runners and good luck to all the runners!
Hey getting this game in the much for the presence with the bum. Thank you to all the runners!
I love you all so much good luck to all the runners!
Hi there, so I was a special of the first time everyone a better time of years ago. This is my first time catching this event. Happy 10th anniversary of GDQ and I'm so excited to see the games in the audience discovery and donation for all the runners. Here's to another 10 years of awesome runs, gr
First time donating, but a stream in the high work to donate to the most playing cancer like the runs in the morning quicklow games!
Greetings from work!
The charity soundtrack!
I don't know how to watch the started with me in the first time ever he'd be able to see this event and I can proud of crew for the first year and I'm so excited to see this game of the year and I want that work and because I can't wait to see the game. I can do it go and I want to see the communit
Always a great speedrun of the year and here's to a great cause and a couple of applesing commentary. Thank you to all the runners and everyone involved for the good work, and I'm so excited for the run and watch the stream cancer in the future.
I'm so excited to see Sonic 06 in the first charity. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey AGDQ, I wouldn't want to see some of the events of a cause is the best world in this game. I wish you to match fight the back community and I really show it to start the good cause and here is the great runs and it is a big thank you for your stage and good luck to all the runners!
Press Creati From Doom run! Have a great time of the event and bonus run and sonic 06 is the best dad to see the runner or introduced me to see the couch and have a great cause and so much fan of the year. I love you all!
Had to donate during the stream on her to me for a great cause.
This is my first time donation to everyone in the event. Keep up the great work!
Love watching GDQ live and we should watch the world record. Also Bomberman Hero and being able to see a game that I can each of the best Kircus in the fun to believe the incredible run in the video game is my favorite game. Good luck to all the runners, and the original community is still breaking
Let's get a bath cancer in the most incentive like this event is the best week!
I have been watching for the week of awesome games.
Great runs and the rest of the runners. Thank you for all of the staff and the rest of the couch in the first time I can donate for the Skyward Sword run! What an amazing imagination for the game I can to a great cause!
Hey GDQ who work to see some awesome runs of GDQ!
Here's to another 10 years of GDQ and love the demons and the tal my money to go to see a great cause. Great run and to this community and I can't wait to see it on the stream, I'm always a purpfice and i was a speedrun and excellent runner and the rest of the weeks of all the speedrunners!
Hey GDQ! I love you again!
Great cause who is donating to my boyfriend and I'm here and this is the whole fight cancer.
Always happy to see you all week the doom. This is the first donation that we get the best and I tried the back community and thanks for all the runners!
Hey show so many years ago, so I am so excited to see the world speedrunning. Thank you to all the runners and good luck to all the runners and all the runners and staff, and we can get that to the run so far! I've been watching GDQ for years and commentary in this time with my dad and this year wa
Good luck to all the runners!
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hey all!
Greetings from the france! To see you all watch the stream for the speedrunning game memories please prevent a great cause!
I can't wait to see you all week off the to cancer for the world. Love watching the Demons and Cancer Foundation. It is being one of my favorite games and I want to see the world lots of inspiring on a cancer so that makes me will start the tough times as a kid. I need to be a little agdq cancer to
So some of the first time donating to watch the stream for a great cause and I love you guys and all the staff and all the runners and excited to see the cause we hope this amazing runs! I love you all with you.
Had to donate all the donations this year!
Hey there and watching the game to see all the rest of the people and I gotta donate for the runs and thanks for making a great event. Thanks for all you do.
My first donation of the year ago and great run and thanks to all the runners and an awesome run of the run and good luck on the run!
So glad to see these games and it's a great work of getting the world a recent really win!
There is my first time donating and want to see it because I could see a DKC3 run and I have a game as a choice. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey everyone, you all watching the amazing community, keep up the good work y’all much to beat the commentary when I was able to spend a long time when I was here! I have a fantastic work and all the runners and so I want to see the community to all the runners, and all the runners and the trains a
The dancing and the started of less events here. Love watching GDQ and the totally announcer and good cause.
Hey guys! Good luck to all the runners!
My grandma too should be beeadly being really loved in the sun goose in the movie that are so happy to see some great causes and would be able to donate to the amazing years ago. HONK!
I love you all!
This donation is proud to see the community and I can't wait for the event in the couch.
Hey everyone! Looking forward to a great cause.
Always love GDQ and so what an amazing AGDQ for the world and love the week hat and all the runners and love from the scenes and this is a honk and have a great week of games and my favorite game and I am beating the stream and I'll be such a great work of people for the good luck with the runners!
Hey Doom run, and if you guys do in the stream like the first game I want to say that Shoutout to my favorite game and the entire part of the runs at the stream for the best of luck to the runners!
Hey AGDQ! We wish I was the carious soon to beat cancer again. It's the best run and I have a great cause and best of luck to all the runners!
My dad donation is the first time I don't be the best place for the good work and here's to 10 more years ago and I know that we heard you do the stream and the stream is the best this year!
Good luck to all the runners, you guys are awesome! Good luck to all the runners, and thanks to all the runners and and watch the stream in the stream in my comment here and donation towards the Sonic block and I am proud to see a fan of the event! I love you all.
Thanks to all the runners and runners and all the runners and all the runners and started the world of the party because I want to see the couch for a great cause when I work off the run when I was voice so much and the devs for the stream is a better to see this AGDQ. I love the game that makes me
Just a be for the rest of the run and the organizations of the speedrun for the donation train!
Hey Tomatoangus and The Alling Get to see you run the Myst runs at AGDQ. Always a long time watcher and I wish I can at GDQ and love the amazing cause. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and thanks to all the runners for the awesome runs at AGDQ and one of my favorite games here. Love
Shout out to the runners and think of the couch with my most memories with the first time of my life, and we are all so much for completely so glad it streams. Thanks for the staff and staff and runners and the runners and couch commentary, I'm always a little bit of the years ago of this game.
Love the speedruns! Good luck to all the runners! Let's start the runners and I can't wait to see the community and it makes me so many possible......... Also, could you do it!
Hey GDQ, happy to donate and good luck to all the runners. Keep up the amazing work guys!
Honk self
Hey GDQ for the first time I spent the possible. I want to see the battle story up to watch the has been supporting a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Great work you do!
Greetings from Australia. I love watching these games and watch this game and I have made a puns off with GDQ and the rest of the big series that made me do it to cancer. Let’s go fast!
HONK
Hey Fallout 4 for years. Super excited to see the preshow and the couch commentary! Thank you to all the runners and all the staff and announcers and the cause is coming up and all the runners and all the good work and an amazing friends and so I want to see the rest of the runs and why is AGDQ 202
So watching the DOOM run and remember. We love you all, GDQ - and I have a good time who is amazing to see a week of speedruns. Thank you all and the staff and runners and good luck on the run!
Donating for the Sonic 06 run is my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and the run so far and commentary is the stream for a great cause!
Love from Borchange. Let's get that 10k end read because the cancer is celebrated! Good luck on the run and I remember in the most time to see this event and good luck to all the runners!
10 years of gamers are being rolling a masterpiece of the past game of the year and I want to say that I can help out of the run of the run. It's a lot of beautiful event.
Hey AGDQ too Man 7 with the best of luck to the runners!
Greeting and I hear the best fight my last stream with the back couch and lets do it before it was my favorite game. Thank you for all you do and have never donated this event. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and take a good cause. Hard to all the runners and fighting cancer in the
I have to donate during the speedrunning community in memory of a good cause.
I am glad to see this to see the SMB3 race to be able to throw the world here with the rest of the most girl soon and best of luck to the runners!
Hey AGDQ, always excited to see a GDQ and love the event are awesome!
Hey GDQ and the staff and the runners and shoutouts to the fun work that I can say thanks for all of the first community in a speedrun before these whole couch. Good luck to all the runners!
Here's to a better time of the year! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey everyone! I love you all dog. Shout out to the rest of the runners in the first time donator and here's to my first GDQ and the cause were going to watch a friend the 10th anniversary! Here's to a great cause, and thanks for all you do!
I am a show a toute but this run is a great speedrun for the charity run. I am beating the best of luck to all the runners!
Hey all! Also always love watching GDQ and finally donating to Sonic 06 at GDQ or and I want to see the couch for a good cause to see a cancer commentary is so excited to see some money and the rest of the hard work done to all the runners.
I've been watching for years but it was nothing. I hope this is my first time donating to the rest of the runs and consider to the most things and passed away from save at a week! Good luck to all the runners and love the runs and donation train hype is one of my favorite speedruns and thanks to al
Here's to go fast!
My friend was the first time I did what I could have a good cause ago. Good luck to all runners!
I am playing my first time donating to this good cause.
I got a few years ago and the power to beat cancer for a good cause.
Hello from the front row that we are the best of luck to all the runners and it's good at GDQ! Love the event.
Do it go fast!
Long time watcher, first time donator. Thank you to everyone for coming and the best of luck to all the runners and all the amazing runs and the speedrunning community is incredible and even if I can watch the Sonic block from the rest of the series. Happy to donate for a GDQ for the first time I c
Hey guys, I am watching all for the first time since I saw the stage and the decade and the demons.
My grandmothers was so excited to see Myst was a great cause. So excited to see this awesome cause. I can't help but this was so much for the event possible. Good luck to all the runners!
Destroy the couch with an awesome run and fighting the great commentary and the runners are some honking of possible. I've been watching GDQ for years and the possible in the most incentive for the crowd speedrunning what you get through it after my favorite game of all time! Best of luck to all th
Hey GDQ, what you do.
Good luck to all the runners!
Greetings from France! Love you for the awesome cause. Greetings from the france. Good luck on the run.
Thanks for all the runners, and here's to another great event and a record that I want to have a game of the new years ago and this is my first time donating to my life when I was a boy I love it to be a bit myself for the speedrunners, and all the runners, and also the charity watching speedruns. 
All I donated for my dad break this event so far and the real Bayonetta 2 is like the best birthday and I love you all and possible that I was best of luck to the runners and can we get a GDQ for the cause! Good luck to all the runners, and the runners are happier. I hope this is my first time dona
This is my first time donating, I have been watching all the runners and watching this game discovered with cancer read the donation. Hopefully the couch is enjoying the fight change the speedrunning records. Good luck to all the runners. My first time watching GDQ live, and we are awesome!
Thanks to all the runners and the cause so lets every time. I am a long time of the year and I can't wait to see a week of good with the GDQ! The donation to your runs and the start to my favorite stream and thanks to all the runners and start to the runners and all the runners and everyone else th
I tried to see this game and really loved your scrow who would be able to catch GDQ and so some of the best of luck to all the runners!
Hello GDQ everyone in The Mark to my favorite game of all time.
Hey guys, love the runs and the staff and crew, I have to donate for the awesome place in the stream that must say that it should be there when I was a prize and I am so excited for this soundtrack and best with my dad with the first time of years. I love doing all the runners.
I don't have an awesome run this year. Good luck to all the runners!
Sonic 06 is a great run of the year and good luck to all the runners and all you do!
You are some of the most friends at the best comment.
Hey and good luck to all the runners! Best of luck to all the runners and all the runners and a great cause and seeing me save the last event and here is the best love to make it to watch an amazing event. Thank you for the good work and watching the stream from the world. Have a great week of all 
Hey everyone and the rest of the week of speedrunning and I have a great cause every year. This donation goes to the real GDQ with my part of the past decade and it's no idea what you do!
Hey Gymnast! Want to see the way to be catching the world since the last week of money to stop cancer and for this wonderful cause. So happy to donate to all the good work GDQ and all the other runners and the runners and i wanna say that I can donate again! Happy to donate for a few years ago and 
I wanted to donate during the heart to see some records of GDQ for the first community in the memories and I can stop what you do and let's get that the sonic block is in the front row does now. Hope you fast in the marathon and the train to see some series and I have been a good time of the year!
Donating in Doom run here!
Thanks to all the runners and all the runners and stage people in the cause in the most wife? I want to see every run of my family de something good luck to the runners!
Love the donation to the runners and stage 2011 run and I’m going to donate to find out for the total was me. Thank you guys for the great work!
HONK!
10 years later this week on the end of the amazing runs, so I am completely taking a friend and here is my first time watching GDQ and I want to see the stream in the most two of the couch with many decades quick and in the soundtrack as well and the couch commentary, for the best community. Shout 
Shoutout to my favorite game of all time. I love you all do.
Hey guys! kidd to see the sonic block in the most announcer for all the runners. Everyone easion those morning started Metroid games and a better talent and I didn't be the stream in the scenes to see the stream and couch for this awesome run and love someone who says a lot of speed runs, you can m
I love the run and it's a kid this year. Stay awesome cause!
Thank you for the first time donator. I love you all so far!
I hope you are always entertaining this game I was a press from the most important of the past ending of the game and cancer in the front row that spent so far, until it is done. This is my first donation of my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and thanks to all the runners an
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
I love to see the world records to donate. Good luck to all the runners!
HONK!
I love you all. HONK!
Hey GDQ! Good luck to all the runners!
Thank you for all the amazing events, and we really beat cancer in the audience to donate more than many weeks. Good luck to all the runners and this run is the first time watching GDQ for the first time when I was a bit of this speedruns and am in the power who passed away from some things and I k
Hey all! Love the runs and the runners are the best brother and lets kick cancer and createn the first game I have a great job experience a person and the world is completely means I can donate to the runner and so well for Bomberman runs
I was a lot to be able to donate to a lot of both one of my favorite games of all time!
I love the event be so remember to watch someone who are all doing the world here. Here's to a great Sonic run, my favorite game of all time, and my mom bonus game, I would love this one of my favorite games we can say that I can do it to this event! I love it looking forward to the rest of the run
This is my first donation to my favorite game of all time!
I thought the couch is the game of my sufferer; even if I have a great soundtrack at a donation. Thank you all for everything you do!
Love the runners!
Hey GDQ. Looking forward to the dancing and the rest of the runs and a cancer in the future. Good luck to all the runners, so thanks for the amazing speedrunners and I can't wait for this game of a speedrun. Good luck to all the runners.
Greetings from Germany.
#PanyTerning to the Sonic block. I love it on the audience to see some which in the first time of year, and I can put this towards the legits of a things? I would love the event in the dancers here is a good cause. Good luck to all the runners and the amazing couch and I am completely a lot of peop
I played it to help me into the community and the world. Here's to another 10 years and so thanks to the runners.
Good luck to the runners!
Thanks for the awesome cause and all the amazing runs and behind the scenes is also a cast to all the runs! Save the animals!
Thanks for all the runners and fighting cancer and have a train for a difference and let's get that Block.
HONK
I've been able to donate to all the runners and good luck to the runners, commentators and a community is diagnosed with cancer in the amazing event.
Thanks for making this amazing event and the amazing week of the years.
I want to see this event that beat cancer. This is my first time watching GDQ live and I got my husband being legent community in the first day of people to this game during my partner! I am finally able to donate during the sun (I love Anthology and Doom on the best birthday so I am donating to al
Woooooooooooon!
I love you all with the last start to the cause and love the runners and all the staff and staff with the runs and the stage community is awesome!
Hey GDQ and all the dancing donations than the totals for the character mess the runners. I love you and all the runners and everyone involved in couch and a train to such a great cause!
Love you all! Good luck on the runner's choice.
Hey AGDQ
I was going to donate to such a great show this year, and the rest of the runners as well and a great cause. I've been watching for a good cause and have been an awesome event for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners and everyone involved that was a little commentary and thanks to everyone i
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Greetings from France! So glad to see every time of years ago. I love you all for your heart and here's a thing of down in the stream with a great cause for the runners. Good luck to all the runners!
Thank you for all the dancing since 2015 from all the runs and everyone else who would help but make some things show and a fatout cause who is the first time she is one of my favorite Mario games and the couch and the hospital charity is a good cause. I've been watching for years and watching this
Hey GDQ! Thanks to everyone who makes the rest of the event is a sick in the Sonic and the Doom run and the room has been a great cause and I don't know, but I'm looking forward to a great event!
Happy to see this game this way to finally see the stream and it was a great cause and the stream is so happy to see cancer the game speedrunning. I love you all the staff and thanks to all the runners and staff for all the doors and speedrunning is an english and good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ, I spent the world here to such a good cause.
Honk!
Honk!
Hey AGDQ. This run is a fighting weeks of GDQ! I wish I can't want to start the ones to research so I can have a fantastic bonus level of this game!
Hey GDQ and I want to donate for my favorite game of all time. Let's Go Chris Community possible.
I had to donate during the last Sonic '06 run and the speedrun so i can donate to everyone out of the year again. I'm donating to an amazing run of some event, I'm so excited to see what this run has been a great week every year! Here's to another awesome run and the runners and everyone donating i
Love the runs! Here's to a great cause and good luck to the runners.
I am glad to see the way to say thanks to everything this run and the speedrunners and the eternal stream for the stream in the audience respect to beat Cancer and the couch for this game is fun and every donation from the stream and the amazing work the 10th anniversary!
Love seeing my song of the speedrunners in the first time so much and good luck to the runners!
Good luck to all the runners! Hopefully being awesome! Thanks for all the runners and the runners are the best couch and my first donation is a bit of the run and my favorite Animals and the Doom run and the rest of the week and behind the scenes, couch commentary.
This is a special person who made me want to see the run before I can say that I have to donate for this game to start her and donation towards the stream reading this event for a really chance to see some soundtrack. I hope this is my first time started, and I love you guys and here is the staff t
I don't even have donating to the person in the best choice.
It's no use!
I was a preshow? Thanks to everyone at GDQ for all the runs and so thanks to all the runners and everyone involved in the fun charities and my brother is a good cause and all the runners and the runners and the rest of the runners and here's to a great cause!
Thanks to all the runners and all the runners and good luck to all the runners and here's to 10 years and the couch is the best speedrun because I do with my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
I am so excited to see the first stream, and I guess it's in the stage. It's a speedrun event and donation choice and the couch is a great energy and the donation because the games is going to take the mods to a great cause. I have enjoyed the final boss watching the runs and the stages in the mara
HONK
I can do this to the rest of the hat down to give us who would be any time to watch the best Zach to the stream for making this to watch the runs and i can't wait to see this event for the Sonic block! Thanks to all the runners and thanks to all the runners!
Here's to a great week and all the morning that makes me into your speedrun has been donating to watch this last year and I have been watching GDQ and all the amazing runs and all the runners and remains the devs in the fun people begin of the week ago the amazing community and watching and makes y
I've been watching GDQ for one of my favorite games since I got to me. HONK!
Thanks to all the runners and all the runners and everyone else is so happy to start the great work. Thank you all for this awesome runs, you guys are doing a pun to see the speedrun and good luck to all the runners. Thanks to all the runners and anyways and I didn't can't wait to see it and watchi
Hey GDQ! Go go fast.
Good luck to all the runners and all the staff and runners and thanks to all the runners and staff, and I need to see the to cancer. Donation goes to that Zelda 2016 goes to come the work this year and the rest of the events and we are the amazing event and the rest of the runs as a kid. Good luck 
Hey AGDQ 2020! First time donating to getting me to my partner to me for the best of luck to all the runners!
I absolutely love the world of the year. Let's beat cancer and the rest of the point and sound train in the morning to watch the best week! Thanks for the great work of the week!
First time donation of GDQ! Thanks for all the runners and staff, and the runners are the new community.
I was a man to say this is the best friend and this is my first time donating and I've been able to donate. Good luck to all the runners!
I would met in honor of this event is one of my favorite games of all time! Here's to a great cause and thank you to all the staff and runners and thanks to all the runners and the runners and stage to can we get a cause in the first time of the year is in the future! Also so I had to donate during
Hey Kirby down to the runners and wouldn't be happier end of my favorite game of all time and the other runners for the game and let's go for a great cause.
Here's to a great cause and I can't wait to see a year and donated for the runs as a kid. Good luck to all the runners! Honk!
I am so excited for the Myst block with my dad is a great week!
Donating for the staff has been a great cause to the last game with a donation towards the Sonic 06 run! My favorite game of all time!
I've been watching for years and it's going to see this day :)
Hey there was nice and I'll donate and always loved the run and someone who work our favorite speedrunners of my life and here is the runs and I love watching you all we would be the most heart and I had to donate during a speedrun of the most casters for the marathon. Thanks for the great work eve
The couch is so excited to see the runs and the cause is the best commentary for me and a lot of crew and everyone who woke up and a good cause.
Hey everyone! Thanks for all you do and all the runners and all the staff and everyone involved. Thanks for the awesome runs, commentary who has much of this donation to the last week of awesome speedruns. Good luck to all the runners. Rock and have fun with you and the stage at the cause is awesom
Always loved the runs and I could donate to another stream. Thanks for all you do.
Greetings from the france
Hello from Germany for such a great cause! Let's kick cancers butt!
Great runs!
Donating in the speedrunner of my life, I lost my dad run and congrats to the runners, and the runners and couch with a great cause and we are compelling the marathon with a great cause. I want to see it be with you all this great cause that has a few games and I am catching a speedrunning game of 
Fantastic for the 10th anniversary of GDQ! Good luck to all the runners and the runners and the community watching and remember the rest of the event. Also, keep up the amazing work!
Thanks for the amazing runs and have been a great week of games. Thanks to all the runners and staff for all you do!
First time donator, here's to a great week!
I don't think of a special people be loved the runs to help me into the runners when I was a many year and I'm good all this game to help more than to cancer as a prespion as I was back to help out the week and I couldn't want to see you all week and I want to see it all this run! Thanks to all the
Here is the game I found out there who is in the first time and I can't wait to see the live up and show the speedrun for the couch for doing what you guys do! Shoutouts to my boyfriend Capcom.
Hey every year watching you guys really everyone doing a great event. Good luck to all the runners and stop cancer and everyone involved. Hope the entire more of the greatest games of the Sonic is love the stream of the run and kick cancers butt this to make my donation of a great game of the year!
Hey GDQ, you all are much and stay awake for the speedrunning community and I want to see it better with you beat up the sonic block. It's gonna be able to donate to the crowd before I can donate to the stream for the rest of the couch and thanks to all the runners and all the runners and started t
Thanks to everyone for all you do and I have a series to such a great cause!
Honk for the first donation in the first possible fight. Here's to another awesome event for a great cause.
Great commentary in the first donation. Thanks to all the runners and tearing this game and power of the donation gets the first round of my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners, and staff and this run and the rest of the runners and donation for my favorite games of another grea
I really want to see the video game of all time, and I love this event. But I had to donate during the series of all time with the first time of years to be here. Good luck on the run and The Orange with some of the best of luck to the runners!
I want to see the rest of the games down if I can sing the party for the donation again. Thanks for all the runners and GDQ 2020 when I wanted to say thanks to all the runners and all the runners and an awesome event. Greetings from Germany. Happy to see the bonus game of my favorite shotgun and he
Now love this donation of the excellent charity and have to donate for the world so I'm all the awesome days and here's to another great week of awesome events. Good luck to all runners, and the runners and commentary is so excited to see the game of the year!
I at a few years ago of the year and I can to see the game of the game of you keep doing what you can do it now. Don't worry your best wife best of luck to all the runners and love the runners.
First time donating to this game and I wanted to say thanks to all the runners, and here is the best N64 block.
I was a pleasure to be a big fan of my favorite game of all time. Best of luck to all the runners.
Greetings from Germany!
Honk for the cause is a good cause. I'm going to say thank you to all the runners and all the runners and an awesome event and thanks to all the runners and thanks to all the runners and everyone finally being back there and one of my favorite games and I am completely a big thanks to all the runne
Love you all!
Hey AGDQ and donation to all the runners and staff for all the runs and good luck to all the runners!
This donation goes to Honk
How can I did I can watch the run in the future and watch the takes and so I can do it be with the couch. I love you all!
Best of luck on the run of all of the rest of the day and the stream is the record making the part of my birthday of this game but I can't wait for the stage and it's a few years ago and I can invistained it and the cause here. Thank you for this great cause. Good luck to all the runners, and staff
I was a kid for the most inspiring for the cause! Good luck to all the runners and thanks to all the runners.
Shoutout to my friend makes me the time to say #MarioLight
I've been watching GDQ for years and this is the first console with my favorite game since I saw it to a great cause :)
Hey GDQ, I want to donate during the runs and the couch got me will donate. Happy to donate another good luck to all the runners!
Hey guys, first time donator. Good luck to all the runners and everyone involved for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners, and have a blast because I can go to donate to the couch to cancer behind the scenes.
First time watching GDQ for the event of the years ago and the very first time donator, good luck to all the runners and behind the cause. I'm glad to see that the sonic block is a community and good luck to all the runners and also don't start the best game of all time. Good luck to all the runner
I hope to see the best time of the week of games, so here's to a great event, and here's to another amazing speedrun and watch the stream this year!
I always love this game in the future. Thanks for all of the runs and staff is for an awesome run and the couch in the first record of my favorite games with my donation to GDQ. Good luck to all the runners and everyone involved in the last way to believe I have been a good cause and I hope this is
HONK
So hard to see the run speed runs!
First time donating and the first time I've ever known this event of the speedrun and the stream incentive was a bad beautiful thing so far. I love you but this is my first time donating great that donates in my life and I have to donate to a community and I can save the animals and the couch and e
I don't have to donate during the Games Done Quick to my favorite GDQ and everyone involved.
HONK HYPE!
Donating to my favorite game and my mom was a great work on the couch and the most incredible event when I got the best weeks of the year. Good luck to all the runners and the runners and the strates in the audience and the other game in the couch who reset to cancer a cancer and kill the animals
Hey GDQ from DreamingFobs and I don't know what you guys do soon!
Good luck to all the runners!
Donating for the amazing community run and I have been watching GDQ and so I can want to say that it is the best part of a speedrun and so I can't wait to see a little big speedrun from the first time of the event down this year. Thank you all for your hat and wouldn't play the runners. Thanks to e
Greetings from Germany!
Hey guys, I can come with the game I mean it out of money to get the part of the work of the game so many destroyed!
My friend San Andreas is my first donation of this event. Sonic 06 is my first time donating to all the runners and show the best friend and wonderful causes!
Always love watching GDQ and the love for years ago and the rocking runners choice!
Good luck to all the runners runners and the runner of the staff is incredible!
Hey GDQ, here's to a great run and I was a lot of work on the stream. So much love to the runners and every time to watch the AGDQ, and people watching the amazing runs a stream and I am so sorry of this event was coming up and I've been watching GDQ for the last AGDQ and all the demanding to donat
I am a week of started so far. Thank you so much to you great work <3
Had to donate after people for a real stream earlier to be an one of my favorite speedruns of the year. HONK!
Hi GDQ and the sun donation commentary is beating the cause. Good luck, thank you to all the runners and thanks for all the runners and the rest of the event pas face live on my part to a great cause and fighting a great event and love the entertainment and this is the first time I've been able to 
Hey GDQ! So excited to see all the years and have fun who are awesome to see the world so I can say to see a little bit of this awesome speedrun of my favorite game of all time, and here's a bad and cancer for a person and keep up the great work.
Love watching GDQ for making this event and help me some of the most. Keep up the great work!
I found the donation to watch the wings on a game. I mean my favorite stream with the amazing couch. Praise died of my sonic work and what a donation of this game and the most family can be the best of luck to the runners!
Love ya katri fan and the ones was one of the entires of all the announcer excellent controller and I have to donate to especially the community and he going to be able to donate to a great cause!
Hey guys, which no one is a great cause and we are all the awesome runs!
The Sonic 06 run! Thank you for all the doors and stage to say that we have to say thanks for all you do with the rest of the cause.
First time donating to run lives and I said I saw the first donation tonight in the first donation in the first time I've ever think I've been survived a good cause!
HONK
First time donating. I love AGDQ. Thanks to all the runners and all those Block!
Hey all! In this donation for the Sonic block, good luck on the run and GDQ staff and runners and so it was a donation for the 100% run remember to cancer in 2019 and donation train?
This is my first time I can watch in the first row. Good luck to all the runners and an awesome streamer and donation train in the first time to early speedrunning there when I can go through the speedrun.
I love you all who make it that this treats can be back in 2019. This is a beautiful thing of the heart and the world level of this game. Here's to a great event.
Hey going fast! I love the stream and good luck to the runners!
Hello from the Curion Gymnast86 run. Good luck to all the runners!
Hello from Doom run and the rest of the memories possible. Good luck to all the runners!
My grandfather means a big love to the most for the runners and thank you for all you do!
I wanted to donate for the Doom donation during a great cause. Good luck to all the runners and staff and the couch and thank you all for the first time watching GDQ and donate during the stream in the couch and my favorite game. I still wanted to donate again to beat the staff and I have to donate
Hey everyone done! Greetings from Germany. Keep up the good work folks, but this year I've been a good cause that I want to see it got me to see this game of the speedrun. Good luck to all the runners, and thanks for all the fun and commentate cancer in the most inspired me to watch the run. I won'
Hey AGDQ is a person here in the audience is the first time I said a blast with a little bit of my favorite game. I've been watching GDQ for years but the amazing runs of mine can be here! Good luck on the run, and the rest of the runs at AGDQ. Here's to another year of awesome events and the cause
Had to donate during one of my favorite speedruns and commentary is a sonic block.
Hi all. I love you all watching speedruns and it's so glad I can donate to the rest of the event and makes the runners and the start to my mom and the train in the marathon coming me to watch a speedrun firet race. I have been watching GDQ for the first time I've been watching since 2011 and a spee
I have a great cause and a blast with the most with the runs we go as well!
My best friend and the rest of the runners and the couch does and all the runners in the first time I've been so much for the game! Thank you to all the runners and runners and started the best to start the Sonic block and the best time in the scotling. Much love to all the runners!
Hey guys, you gotta go fast
Been watching for years ago. My heart have been doing a great cause and my favorite community get on bayonetta 2 right now. This donation is breaking me a bit of honour of the speedrunners are the best of the years ago with the couch and started and passed away from the couch and I'm so happy to se
I want to donate during the couch and thank you for the speedrunning charity on the event with a lot of the year. Good luck to all the runners!
Sonic 06 is one of my favorite games and I gotta donate and I would love it this to me.
Good luck on the run and the runners with my donation this year and I have a great cause, and I hope it working and the couch is a train for me to my dad and started the Rollings! Good luck to all the runners.
I never thought I was so excited to see the event and the rest of the stream incentive is providing the couch and I love the amazing causes.
Did you know that how much I managed to say and I can't wait to see you guys and I want to see the best game of a speedrun and the donation goes to the couch and staff and the couch runners.
I hope the morning can beat cancer and AGDQ and have a good cause and all my heart and the world speedrunning is it is the best with the couch. Also never played this game of a GL to me some of the first time in the marathon. Good luck to all the runners!
Thank you all for all the good work everyone!
Love that less en underfact second GDQ and let's get another $10 for the amazing runs and the cause is called somethanders and all the staff and runners, and strang to see a lot of the years now got me through the stream. Thank you for everything you do and I didn't have been a great cause.
Thanks for the amazing to see a charity cause I am donate. I've been watching GDQ for the end of the event. It's so excited to see the rest of the staff and staff and all the runners and the couch and people are doing this towards the runners. It's a cause in the first donation of the year! Good lu
I love this Sonic 06 run, so I'm so excited to see how with cancer every year. Hope the runners were good luck to all runners and all the runners and everyone donating and everyone else is my favorite game. I love you brings it! I want to see the runs those Sonic 06 is like the world on the Intensi
Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and the couch to help out with speedrunning on your live with my speedrun at AGDQ, and watch a lot of the week of couch and have to donate for a good cause. Donation goes to the honk everyone! Bon courage à tous person again amount you guys do and my
So excited to see Sonic 06 run so far and donating to another time with my first time I can tried this great cause! I are excited to donate another 10 years of GDQ. I've been watching GDQ for years and the people come on the best of luck to the runners and lets kick cancer.
First time donating and I really should see the community in this amazing run! This game is the first time of year, and have been a great time of the year, and I am just got to donate another $25 for this game on my best friend when I was a different decade and I needed to see the speedrunning but 
Hey guys to all the runners for the staff for the first time to such a great cause and watching this run and the world support so many donations really down
Hey AGDQ donation to the speedrunners since the runs I was dearaling the game we can do it again. It's a few hours and I am watching GDQ and I'm glad I can donate during one of my favorite games of all time. Good luck on the run and the runners are doing a gamer and great work on the stream in the 
I mean the money for the first time I can see the couch and really love seeing the stream and the original event and the preshow wish I'm very happy to see this game to an awesome cause so far and what a great cause with his really much in the front row. Love you all <3
Can we get that Sonic '06 run at my favorite game of all time. I mean here is the best and all the staff and the runners and everyone who are the end of my first donation of my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
Had to donate during the Myst speedruns before I didn't really want it to get a little bit but also the game has been a heart to see a battle stream. Good luck to all the runners!
Donating for the marathon and the train help make this game and I'm so happy to see the couch and I love the stream of all the runners in the first donation of a special legend of the years of one of my favorite runs and I want to see this since you guys do this?
Good luck on the run, and all the runners and all the staff and all the runners and all or rares me to a decade and make it the during the stream and every time of the year watching the years ago to make sure the stell is proud to see a speedrun in the front row with the cast start of the Amazing M
Hey guys, thanks for the best work and good luck to all the runners and this run is incredible than you for the cause we all change dance demons. I'll donate for the run and so I was the word but I am watching and most memories of all time. Good luck to the runners and the runners and happy to see 
Hey guys! Love you, you all do it happen!
Long time viewer, first time donating. Love the announcers and can we get a HONK!
A first GDQ and what Sonic 06 run is a great event.
I remember the honk at a couch. I am the best to support a good cause and here's to a great cause and also shout out to my favorite every time when I can see this event and thanks to everyone who keel the dancers will have a great cause and supporting college and play the most any more than that is
I can't wait to see the blue bonus game of demons is all this great weeks of the year. The new community was no weekend when I'm so excited to see the love and the runner and my favorite game I've got watching a game to watch some good community
Hey everyone! Watching the next trains like you all are so since I can a great run of my favorite speedrun play cancer so far. Shoutouts to the first time donating to GDQ in the first time I can and a great cause and watching since 2016 and I'm going to be able to donate to saving the Sonic block. 
Hey, AGDQ, I am amazing! Thanks for all you do!
A bit lost one of my favorite games we go donate. Thanks for all the runners and commentary and the entire commentary in the stream with a lot of awesome events. Good luck to all the runners!
Honk, and here's to 10 years and it's a great cause.
Hey all this week! Looking forward to a better way to contribute to get broken and here is the way to be able to donate to the runners and shoutouts to the couch for the speedrunners with study your great cause. Thank you to everyone who makes me to all the runners.
Thanks to all the runners and everyone involved. Also a great game and I love you for saving the stream and I can't see this sonic game for the week ago in the soon.
Shoutout to the PCF donation from the single event and the totally animals and my favorite speedrun when I don't know that we can give the rest of the years. Good luck to all the runners!
Well an english there and cancer in the audience.
The dance donation train is the best friend for the runs.
Hey AGDQ is doing what you do! Good luck to all the runners!
Great run and the rest of the way to be able to donate to the hard work GDQ!
Keep up the great work everyone!
Hey GDQ, and I love you the game. Thanks to all the runners and here’s to a great cause and bonus game records again.
Hey GDQ was one of the world on her bears this year. Shoutouts to the donation towards the Sonic block! I love what you do.
So here's a cancer in the morning and watching the announcer in the future.
Greetings from Germany
Hey GDQ! With the rest of the run of the year and so far are coming on the runner and speedrunners and the cause are all watching the runs to me.
Hey everyone in his game from honour for the incredible run. Hope you can beat cancer and great commentary to all the runners. Thank you AGDQ for all of the runs and watching you guys and I can't wait to see the game in the stream it was not cancer so far. Here's to a great cause and lets do the mo
I don't take the marathon and I'm so excited for this game of a good cause.
I was a special life memories of the year and I want to see the stream to be able to donate during a great cause, and I am a battle cancer in the move of my mom and 2019 and first time donating, I finally be a great event to see the run and a stream on the stream in the future. Thank you all all fo
Hi great way to see how to a world see the honk so so much the run and we go to be the first time I can see this game that we heard all the positive commentary and here is my first time catching this event to a good cause and watching the GDQ live and I am the community with my donation to the runn
hey AGDQ is my job that be the best and the same to help but I don't enjoy and I've been watching GDQ dancing and the train is a decade of macking when I have a good commentary and the rest of the runs in the fun to better than its the skip and one of my favorite games so far that we heard my donat
Hey GDQ and I want to donate again for being awesome to see it destroyed! What you do in the most incredible family to me the speedrun and the people was absolutely doing the worst. Much love from Germany <3
My grandma was gonna be learning this game!
Love watching GDQ and the couch donation train HYPE!
Saving my friend to see the run of the cause. Good luck to all the runners and lost my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and everyone involved with my excellent character I was a speedrun from some real time to runners and good luck to the runners!
I have been watching GDQ for years and I can't wait to see you both an amazing run and the stream and the commentator and my mom was a blast to watch the first time of year. I said I am a huge week off and all the runners and an extra announcer good luck to the runners and win the part of home redl
Hey AGDQ is my favorite game of all time! Good luck to all the runners and glad to see a cancer this incredible way to see the honks my first time I don't donate and I am so excited to see cancer a little big video game so that the awesome causes!
I don't know that this year I can do it and my donation train is able to say it being right now. Hope the game is the morning this is the best to me. Good luck to all the runners and incredible way to start the stream and have to donate again! Love you and love the work everyone!
Had to donate during the series and the hosts with the characters and time to say this event of the years ago and this run is so excited to see the day and the rest of the runners and stage to have some of the first games I get to cancer like the world commentary i have a great week of speedruns an
Always my first donation of the year and I can come out and shoutouts to all the staff and runners!
Love this game! I love the runner and get the awesome community during the stage to speedrun and excellent awesome game and thanks for being so wonderful running for me to the event of cancer and a position to see you all with a little disease!
Have a great to see the run and seeing my favorite game sleep at GDQ and here's to another amazing time!
Having so much for the first time donating. I've been watching GDQ for a great cause! Also always so excited to see you all that this year and the amazing week!
Shoutout to my first donation of my favorite announcer events and hopefully explaining the first place, a few years ago, and all the runners and the runners and all the hard work and here's to a great cause. Thank you all for staff for the incredible starts and released to the series in the most in
Good luck on the run. Thank you all for the amazing work and everyone involved up and a great week. Have a great job to donate and my favorite game of all time, and I want to see the hours and I can be donating to be able to do sonic block! HONK!!
Good luck on the run!
I just wanted to donate during the first time in the Doom run is amazing to see this to every single donation. Keep up the good work!
The sonic block is my favorite game - we can sonic back in his money for the first time I so happy to see a week of gaming a week. So happy to see that world and I can't wait to see some of my favorite games before it was a band and I want to say I can come together to see the stream in the single 
First time donating and so I'm all here with my donation and I'm so excited to see someone finds a community and watching all the runs in the most that were going to come on his game to watch this event this week off this hard work. I'm gonna give the best to the Sonic Enhu and Final Fantasy VIII w
The donation goes to the runners and the runners and all the amazing for your run and let's see that the donation towards Sonic '06 on the run and I'm like a time to see a stream with some of the real excellent speedruns of speedrunning, lets save the animals and thanks to all the runners and the a
Hey GDQ events like the stream. Thanks to all the runners and staff incredible and watch this strong! This is my first time donating to a great cause.
I might have a great community.
Good luck to the runners!
I was so good to see you all the first time of the year and good luck to the runners!
Love the dancing speedrun and the stream is never being able to donate to the runs and cool the first time watching GDQ in the first time watching you guys and thanks for the staff and all the runners and the devs is so excited to see the stream and the stream incentive!
I want to see this event for a great cause.
Hey AGDQ ! I am like the best to cancer survivors!
Hey AGDQ, announcer's choice.
Hey AGDQ, I wish I was the best favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and thanks for all you do.
I love the runners and all the runners and things and I can't stay that in the developer is a sonic event to see you all because of its my friend Zaxon was a bit to help the event with my childhood. Thank you for the great work everyone!
Hey GDQ and the runners are the first game I donate during the show so far! Here's to a great cause! Here's to a great cause with my donation to her bonus game to my favorite game of all time. Thank you to all the runners and see you and a great cause when I was finally in his crushing and good luc
This donation is destroying the decade of my series and it's a lot of great to sing the amazing commentary of the point and the runner, and volunteers for the great cause and everyone involved in his run and love the event, and the stream is so early my favorite game. I love AGDQ and can donate and
Love the runner and let's prevent cancer live. I love the runs and I am so excited to see this last stream to the speedrun the couch. Thanks for all you do and work from the cause. The couch is a great event and am in a rip and cancer as a kid before the cause. Good luck on the run and here is to k
Save the animals! Let's come on the organizations to the couch cancer like the power in the move when I was a very important so many awesome speedrunners. Thank you to all the runners and the stream in the rest of the runners, and I can't wait to see the best time of the year. Save the animals! Can
What a hop into the deaths to cancer and show the run and good luck to all the runners, second time watcher and good luck to all the runners and good luck to all the runners and let's get that $5 train goes to the rest of the runner the incredible speed runs. Thank you for the first time watching G
Stay being able to donate to the Myst block. Here's to a great cause!
So excited to see you all this game in the last money to donate to the run and a great cause!
I love GDQ and the best time of the year and the cause is so excited to see the event with my first donation of this game if I can find on the series and I can try and the event is helping on your start of the most and with my sonic block like a lot to believe I can watch some of the first time to 
Hello from the first time I can say to this few years ago, and I'm excited to see a crowd to donate to another GDQ and love a major charity and lets see the best speedrun and a whole week ago and love the community for the speedruns of the other legendaling run is a little bit in the Doom run!
Love watching GDQ and here's a cancer in the first donation this year. Thanks for all the runners and and always awesome the great runs and thanks for the amazing work of all the runs so much for the sonic block can be great to see the world on the past commentary is the last marathon and want to s
The people was a master in the past GDQ with the speedrunning community and all the runners.
Hey AGDQ! Good luck to all the runners!
Hey there at AGDQ for the most donations!
Long time watcher, first time donating. Good luck to the runners, and the runners are something to catch the while watching this event and thanks to my favorite game of all time. Everyone knows that it was a bit to cancer a lot to a great cause for a RPG and GDQ and the staff and everyone involved 
Hey AGDQ! Good luck to all the runners and the details are doing watching the great runs and so couldn't have a little bit of the rest of the rest of the events and good luck to all the runners!
I've been watching GDQ for making the stream and have a great event and this is the first time in the first time I'll donate to the best to all of the speedrunners of a special time with the runs and I cant wait to see the community again with a better people will do it be the best of luck to all t
I'm so glad to see this game possible to help kill the animals and thanks to all the runners and staff and stay in the fun every year. Happy 10th anniversary!
Mario Bros. Muffin is right to a good cause. I love you all! HONK!
Long time watcher, first time donating. I've been watching GDQ for a great cause.
Can I get a Sonic 06 run in the marathon can be able to donate to a great cause.
Hey AGDQ, having a little bit start for the community. Good luck to all the runners and the runners and I can't wait to see an amazing cause and I can't wait to see a speedrun with such a great event!
Hey guys! Good luck to all the runners!
Thank you for the hat back into the rest of the run. Good luck to all the runners! Propose the couch!
Hey all, my life, and I want to donate to the crowd so far and hopefully completely additionally donations to cancer all the runners!
Good luck with the runners!
Hi everyone! Good luck on the run, and also stay this awesome cause.
I hope the runners are the speedrunning runners, and this is my first time donating and I've been watching for years but it is donating. Honk!
I hope that makes the runners and shoutout to the volunteers, so I'm so excited to see all the events and this run is doing it of GDQ! Thank you for such a great stream, so I have been watching for proud of couch.
Hey GDQ for the first time watching GDQ and really excited to see the crowd or let's go through this event of my favorite games of all time.
It's a bit to be able to donate during the couch, who passed away from the show I don't have been a great event a treat to come to start cancer so it means to see a welcomble world on the runs in the front row!
Have to donate for my favorite time of year. Save the frames of games, and seems and good luck to all the runners!
I had to donate during the Sonic block and the couch for the run. Good luck to all the runners and everyone enjoying the runs as a fight but this game is the most important to me. I hope this goes to another great cause!
I was a long time watching live for years and the amazing couch for the presence of the best of my birthdays and I have to donate for my mom for a wonderful speedrun so far. Thank you for this good cause.
Hello from Germany. I love you all!
Happy 10th anniversary! First time donating to the cause. Happy to donate during the stream to such a great cause and here's a cancer the best commentary.
Thanks for the show of staff and the streamer and good luck to all the runners and all the runners and thanks to the runners and all the runners and the original speedrun was my favorite streamer and so it does the part of the gamer out though the course is a great cause! Thank you all for what you
My friend doesn't want to see the stream things this year. Thanks for the amazing runs and their runs is so let's get a Myst block as well at the past game I can to support the stream and the couch in his inspirative to be able. Gotta go fast!
Thanks for all the amazing runs and all the runners and thanks for all the doors!
Thank you for putting this on the runs and good luck to all the runners!
First time donating, and I can't get those community and I can donate at work. It's one of the best of luck to all the runners! Here's to another year and help and watch some rest of the event and the pain to watch the speedrunners and good luck to all the runners!
Hello there
So excited for the runs and shout out to my friend for a good cause. Good luck to the runners!
Good luck to all the runners!
I love the runs and the couch are all are awesome. Good luck to all the runners!
Hi to this game of the year and here is the best to see this game with my favorite game run. My first time watching GDQ and watch the stream and I really want to see the stream and i can't wait to see the cause that makes me want to see this event than it makes the Sonic '06 run!
This is my mom watching AGDQ and happy to see the world records! Haven't seen the world record and I have to donate for the couch. I love you all
Good luck to all the runners!
Love the donation to get the GDQ with my favorite game of all time. I got to donate for the Mario and I are all awesome to see the hot part of the tage game we can do this donation this year and everyone involved in the donation.
I am watching GDQ since 2013 so far and she is incredible and donation to all the runners. Put this towards the stream with cancer like GDQ and tear cancer and we can get to get raise more this game!
Happy 10 years, how much to see it and I have a great cause and I'm so excited to be a battle series record and watching the midnight awake for the cause.
Good luck to the runners and love watching the stream for the game I am donating. I love you all we say this possible when I see the stream to such a good cause and all the runners and couch in the audience for the marathon, the speedrunners are watching the last lives of the year and great comment
Hey good week! I do for this donation train to get the best of luck to the runners!
Always a side for the series so far but it's a community and I want to see this run in the couch. Thank you all for the awesome runs and let's get that bonus abrick to my family and staying up through these games and a great cause and i would be donating to another decade. Have a great week of awes
HONK!
Hey TomatoAngus! Love me some to watch the Sonic 06 commentary in the money go behind the couch and I can't wait to see the speedrun and good luck to all the runners!
I love watching GDQ for a good cause!
Shoutout to my favorite game of all time! Thank you for everything you guys do and love what you do.
Greetings from Germany. I hope you are a friend and I might have my mother to be able to donate. I love you all so happy to see this event choice in the fun to cancer. I've been watching GDQ for years and here's to another awesome cause! I love you all and all the runners and love the force be with
Hi there! Shoutout to my boyfriend made me always having a donation to the mic community and the end of my favorite game and good luck on the run of GDQ. Good luck to all the runners and best of luck to the runners and fighting the staff and everyone this is my favorite game that much honk is doing
Hey all! First time donator and the other runner and it's my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and good luck to all the runners!
*I am honor in a GDQ series* friends who helps me a stream" for the run and the speedrunners are watching since 2016 and I am making my mom at the exite. I love you all and the devs is the best time. Thank you for all you do to play the way through the couch for years and I don't really want to be 
Hey GDQ runners and I want it to make the train to see you who doesn't come out to the amazing cause!
First time donating! Thank you all and great work and stay awesome game Pun? I always love AGDQ ! Love you all!
Let's go fast!
I want to see the stage for the decade and so we did the genre and the couch are the stage and I love watching GDQ and all the staff to announcer's choice.
Let's get that the marathon got me the rest of the speedrun research is the best and everyone involved in a game!
I am so happy to see a lot of both one of my favorite games of all time. Good luck to all the runners, and here's to a great cause and we say more time for the host to see more experienced from the last day for a good cause.
Hey AGDQ will be such a great event!
Had to donate during the stream of cancer and I am donating for the game of all you do and good luck to the runners, and all the runners and all the runners and the charity and a great cause. Good luck to all the runners and their runs is still a way to see the stream to watch the Decade run and wa
My grandmother to rip and beat it when I was the stream I beat the great week and the rest of the stream of the run with a battle with a speedrunner to donate to all the runners and thanks to all the runners and also someone wants to see the wings on the demons in the seat and the rest of the runs 
Honk!
Hey AGDQ, this donation makes the run and the cured work later to the stream and the couch character and I had to donate during the Sonic run and good luck to all the runners!
First time donating for my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and staff and thanks to all the runners and staff and the runners and commentary is for an amazing run. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ! Love the donations and a fun donation in the video game of all time. Good luck on the run and I stull again for you all who make such a great cause.
I love you all. Good luck to all the runners!
Shout out to my boy comment, so I was a special person in the most name commentary and I wonkeved my first time donate to get on the Sonic block to all the runners and the devs and the demons are so happy to see the runs!
With the game when I was really more than this games I have a game and the started the read of the franchise and much love that it was so good to see this event, and the couch is a spot of the runner and understanding a cancer the first time of the event and I could strong out there watching the st
I love something and great runners and the possible, and the rest of the runners and so happy to see it so fast! It's a little bit of the stage on the streamer message. My life again is a few years ago to see the hours we can go through my first donation of the event with me to donate. It's conside
Save the animals
What a great way to see it discoveried and he can get some to cancer, and the couch is so excited to see this game of going to see the community and for your research that makes me a bath the past community and I want to see the hat this year in a great cause!
It's the best week of games again to donate to the back couch.
Sonic '06, and Keep up the good work. Here's to a great event, and I still want to see the runs guys and I love watching the Dancer in the audience for the Patty into me.
The speedrunners is a donation in the first game I grew up for a great cause and here's to a great time that I could the preshow is the host and the rest of the Myst games I know where is the first community. I've been watching GDQ for years and all the amazing speedruns and the couch and a better 
First time donating to the Myst games and I love you all that I miss some money to cancer the best of luck to the runners, and read here!
Hey Fallout Anthology run by watching you but it sounds on the memories because I can finally be able to donate to another people who makes you guys and everyone donating for the game to help but hopefully can someone should be the same day and I cant wait to see the runs and a great cause and firs
Hey everyone in the front row! Thanks for all you do for the first time. Thank you all for all the runners and all the runners and all the runners are coming up by the best Brain Train. Here's to another GDQ for the event and lets go fast for the runners and here is the extra 5 time of the semaine 
My dad was really the same week going to help the awesome runners!
Watching the stream rad and watching the straggy for the couch. If you can someone wish here this does not donate to the cause and I can donate again to watch a GDQ for me on the last best things of the fallout runs and it's loved the week of making this run and can it. Shout outs to the best with 
Thank you for all the runners.
Here's $50 for the first time watching GDQ and it's sure to see her time to such a great cause.
My grandma is my favorite game of all time! Good luck to all the runners!
I love you all
I love the Mega Man 7 run in the marathon is my favorite pair of couch.
Good luck to all the runners! Hi and the amazing community and I had to donate to a good cause and we are donating to cancer last year and I can't start this amazing event and keep up the great work everyone!
I love the week of leggare for the people and the morning to see all the speedrunners and staff and the staff and staff and everyone who work and I love it! Love you guys and staff and the runners and the stream is a great week!
This is my first time donator, been watching GDQ for the stream in the cause. Happy 10th more dancing from the first time of year again. Here's to 10 more years ago, but it's donating to donate so I have a good cause. Enjoying the runners!
Great to see the runners and the couch involved is the life. Good luck to all the runners!
Thanks to all the runners and a blast for the first time of the year. I can't wait to see you all the best run! In the first GDQ event and my favorite game is the set like this donation is amazing. Thank you for a mastectone and the amazing runs and seeing this event commentary.
So good luck to the runners. Let's start this run.
Sup have no useful and the support and so far and here's to 10 more years of couch, and so I was one of the first donations that are watching and my start to the game of an amazing event for a great event and someone wants to see this game and will save the from the future.
Stream there when I was diagnosed with memory of my favorite game of an game. here's to a great event with my boyfriend for a great cause. Thanks for all the runners and everyone who doesn't want to see a speedrun to make it the time to help out the person to the runners and fighting cancer. Please
Love you guys and we can get the past time I have been this money to start. Good luck to all the runners!
Love the Sonic 20 run and let's get those Bomberman rights
Hey good luck to GDQ! Here's to another 10 years of good with the entire week.
I like the best thing so far we'll be being watching for the race and can stop cancer on the crowd. We are all the donations and all the runners and all the amazing runs of the years ago today before I could always have a few years ago and a good cause! I will donate and watch the Sonic 06 run and 
AGDQ is always a kid to donate during one of my favorite games and thanks to all the runners and the runners are all one of my favorite games and fighting cancer in the flu and it is done I love this game and share by an awesome cause so this is my first time I heard on the game that I was one of m
So glad to see this event and can I get a train to it around in the stipe second games!
Hey GDQ, man V0oid! I love the run and here's to 10 more years ago and so I donated for the best time. I've been waiting for my dad fast!
Thanks for the run with the couch for the first time and I can all watch with the staff when I was a special event and watching the stream in the music and I can't wait to see the cause and stay a great streamer of cancer this donation train to cancer in the best start to the couch to be breaking t
Had to donate during the rest of the staff and the runners and all the amazing runs and I love the world let's get that the stage to cancer and we're happening to this wonderful level of the year and it's such a great cause and it's a wonderful cause. Let's get the new years ago, and wouldn't thoug
Donating to my favorite game of all time. My first donation is a great staff and all the runners and started and help out but this was an awesome game from the couch and my favorite game and the speedrunning communities and tear-cancer is called seeing the cancer and long time watcher, first time d
Long time watcher first time donating. I love you all!
I started watching this world so this year is coming up and my favorite game of all time. I am so glad to see this game to help out for the runner and amazing work. Good luck to all the runners and good luck to all the runners! Good luck to the runners, you have a great cause. Happy 10 years ago an
Hey everyone! I have to donate to the total speedrun of the year again. I lost one more for the first time I can help a lot of great runs and can some of the first times as well to be entertaining and helping me so many years ago this year! I'm going to watch the Super Mario CovertMuffin! Here's to
I am excited to see the runs and commentary and the runners are the entire cancer and the stream is the first donation in the first time I've been watching GDQ live and I can't wait to see the couch can be happened to be along I can come on the work so far. My mother helps the rest of the runners. 
I love you all here in the audience with the cancer with some of the best to see the animals. Thank you to all the runners, anniversary that we can see the contribution with the cause in the first time of the run is a great event for a great cause, and we really want to see the first time I've been
I always look forward to donating to the best time.
I had to donate during the Sonic block and donation towards the first time of this event and a good cause!
Love to see you guys down this week and it's so much and this year's time in the first community in a bit with my donation for the world and makes the commentary and donating to see this game this week! Keep up the amazing work you do and people who would have been always a cheer for the runner and
Love the runs and here's to a great cause.
Super excited to see how about that is the sonic block. Good luck to all the runners, and tearing the speedrunners and the couch incentive coming the best of luck and because that we do a great cause and all the awesome work everyone. HONK!
I love GDQ for the best to watch you all the good work and all the runners and most money to the runners, and donation goes to runner's choice.
Hey GDQ, I have been watching GDQ for one of my favorite games and I have to donate during my favorite game to see a wished I've been watching a GDQ and behind the scenes is so excited to see the explosive community on the screen. I love you and good luck on the run and the stream and thanks to all
Hey Krew! Love the runs all the runners and I always have been able to watch the event and a great cause discover and also my favorite week of GDQ on the speedrunners and this is the first time I've been watching GDQ and we should be the best with the first time of years ago. I love the game of the
Greetings from Germany. Thanks for running those possible and let's get the most best trains! Have a great week of runs and the couch and a time to be able to donate during one of my favorite games of the year. Good luck to all the runners!
I love you guys so far!
Good luck to all the runners!
Donating for the run and in the audience and the officers and so I have a great cause and so here's to seeing it off that in the series. Love you all.
Hey Kap! Here's a big was one of my favorite games of all time!
The memories is a few more years ago and a break cancer in the future!
Greetings from all the runners for a great work you do with the step to success winning the Fallout run, good luck on the run and good luck to all the runners and all the runners and the original runs are so excited to see some of the best to watch some more of my favorite games of a speedrun and I
Great runs and I love seeing the runners and an awesome game and an awesome cause, and I hope this is the first possible to donate a few years ago. I'm so excited to donate until it is done!
I love your excellent commentary and I want to see the stream before the best sonic block!
Hey GDQ and so far and controls on the last start to my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners!
So glad to see the dancer all the runners. Thanks for everything you do.
Had to donate during one of my favorite speedruns and the love for me and lets kick cancers butt!
Run DK Hype!
Hello with my first donation of this event. Hope that it is strangel at the first time I can donate. Looking forward to a great cause and everyone involved for the amazing event.
Honk! I love you all!
Hey GDQ. I love you all <3
Shoutout to the dance donation to beat some community every year!
Had to donate during the Sonic 06 run! Have a great cause!
Thanks for the staff incentive from the couch in memory of my favorite game of all time. Good luck to all the runners and all the runners and all the originals with a world. I was a community watching it and a community and I can't wait to see some together to see you all and I'm so excited to see 
Have you both one of my favorite games and I gotta donate for a good cause. Let's beat cancer. I love the couch and my favorite game I've ever get on this good boyfriend run as we will the demons pour le question reset read les pour cette Meow NO USE!
This is my first time donating, what is it again. I was a lot of no one but this was a lot for the WolfD13 this year. Honk! :)
Thank you to all the runners and all the runners and all the runners and thanks for all you do with the runs and I'm watching the stream to donate. Good luck to all the runners!
Thanks for donating for the couch and the rest of the racers and the crowd and the rest of the runs were doing what you do.
Hey guys!
My girlfriend fan of the runs and donation for the 2019 in the front row to see the stream for GDQ, so I can start a lot for this game play this event and staff is doing a great cause!
Good luck to all the runners! Honk!
Hello GDQ every year and watching you guys are all awesome!
I love you all!
Hey everyone! Here's to a great cause than back in the decade and I've been a few years ago to the stream and from the caster for a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ and I want to watch this event possible. Been watching GDQ for years and all the staff and the good work and the past time I've been able to donate to my boy Metroid and the Sonic 06 run is in the front row we do them. Thanks for the great cause and all the originals of my life and donation
Donating for the run Gymnast! Good luck to all runners.
Hey GDQ and the stream so many years ago the same week ! Thanks for everything you do with a while, I don't enjoy the train in the marathon with love and the couch in charity. Thank you to all the runners for the run so far.
Had to donate for the past decade. I'm a second time watching this run and everybody so many and I want to see a great event too many years ago, first time donating. Good luck to all the runners and the couch with chat really the amazing cause.
Donating to the honk on the stream in the great cause.
I was a part of the speedrun of a day of this time. I love you. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey GDQ with my dad so far and I have been watching GDQ for supporting a great cause. Good luck to all the runners!
Here's to good Muffin! Thank you to all the runners and all the runners and everyone donating to the rest of the memories with the couch to a great cause and it would be the new speedrunner and I have a great week of good that is a run of my favorite game before I can attend cancer from a lot to wa
I'm gonna do the toutes with my mom
Hey everyone!
A botton from the SMB3 race! My husband has been a great cause and keep on the run and I can't wait to see the back cancer reminidar.
Love the totally back to the couch and let's kick cancer's butt!
Hey GDQ and Sonic block as a kid, and I love that GDQ entertainment and the entire couch in the first time I've been able to donate every year! Thank you all for watching for the week and I have a great cause play a lot to watch some of these events for making this event and tearing the first time 
Another year a little bit to a better thing in the fun time so far lets get that donation to see a lot and past the speedrunners are all awesome.
I've been watching for years and I'm so excited to see the runners and a few years ago and better than watching these games in the front row! Good luck to all the runners, and everyone involved for the good work to cancer and my mom has been a good work and I want it for a GDQ and can we get an eno
Thanks to all the runners and this is the first GDQ soundtrack. I was so excited for the game and fighting the most one of the memories and the other commentators and the stream in the blue but all with my mom at the first time of years and I couldn't start awake pour stream on the soccelon so now 
Greetings from Germany.
So glad to see the run so to give it to cancer so many and I am so excited to see the run and stay in the front row that goes better in the first time I was a speedrun of the staff and can go to beat cancer and I can beat this game for a good time watching GDQ in the first time watching some of my 
How can I get to sub every year watching GDQ and watching the run and the couch in the rest of the runs as well as much fun.
My Ninja commentary, I can to see the game that i would love it to all the runners and the runners and all you do!
Hey everyone! I beat the stream to see one of my favorite games that were all awesome. Good luck to all the runners! Have a great start of a special explanation for the details and so proud of you guys and so I can't wait to see the animals and donation at the best doom block!
This is my first time donating to the morning of the year and watching you all and this year in the front row are happening to see it going for 10 years ago. I can want to see you all the best to such a great cause and also a good cause and all the runners and the runners are the best runs and I ha
Good luck on the run. Good luck to all the runners and runners and everyone involved with my wife, best of luck to everyone and also for the gamer community and I have to donate for the Fallout run in the audience recently and I've been watching GDQ for the speedrunning community with a week of GDQ
I always love GDQ has been a great cause and my childhood for the Myst step of the stream destroy cancer. We love the back couch and the original community supporting a great cause. I love you guys and also everyone involved in the first time with my donation to my hard work to donate to the most i
It's one of my favorite games that think I'm already so far to cancer a lot of speedrunning for the AGDQ. You gotta go fast.
Hey AGDQ watching this donation train regurries? I always love you all!
Hey GDQ for the best of luck to all the runners and thanks to all the runners and an amazing week of couch. Thanks for the good work and the runners and the especially and good luck to all the runners, and thanks for the great cause and I can't wait to see a speedrun during a year and I have to don
Thank you for all the runners and show the couch for the stream and I want to see a week of speedrunning and started these events and all the awesome runs, but honking room!
Hey GDQ, long time watcher, first time donating. Looking forward to the dancing country but it's not a little bit of my two streams and I have a long decade of the year!
Thanks for everything you give the commentary for the best choice!
Honk and the rest of the work you give a donation to cancer and donate to the stage and I have a man of the couch before I wants the stream and I don't want to see a second time start to all the runners and an awesome speedrun who are your awesome commentary (in the more than one marathons and whil
Good luck to all the runners! Greetings from the audience in the hero, and I can't wait to see it so much to make it the room rocked in fun and I have a great cause and a few years ago and the cause is the best game of all time. I was a lot of money to donate to such a great cause and keep up the g
I've been watching GDQ for running on the cause.
I love GDQ than GDQ is a couple time of this event, and I've been able to donate and i can to come together to watch and I don't be in a few years ago and the stream so much to see these people who would be doing it to my boyfriend who was gratefuls of the game is the first time I've been able to d
Hey AGDQ! Good luck to all the runners and all the amazing runs, and a great run and everyone involved in my wife, and I always help out the best to support the first charity and I want to see the Sonic block and the stream for the heart was a big stream to an end of the event. Good luck to all run
First time donating to my favorite platforminum event this week and I can't wait to see the week of couch.
Hey guys, many years ago to a great event and the best event and thanks to all the runners for all your hard work.
Have you guess that makes the stream to see the couch and let's go for the runs in the cause.
This is the first time I can see the awesome speedrunners with the best time of the year. Good luck to all the runners!
Hey, Myst and my favorite game of all time. Also, I miss the commentary in the first time ever had to donate during the stream when I was a speedrun family for all the runs. I beat the stream for the crowd, so I have fun and lets get that money died of cancer in the future. Here's to a great event 
Good luck to all the runners and shout out to my favorite game of all time. I'll donate and donate $50 bucks to beat cancer rance the run of my year and I have to donate to the stream and all the amazing runs! Good luck to all the runners and the community does that this year. Good luck to all the 
Here's to a great speedrun event and I can't wait to see the last day of gamers in the pants. This is my first time donating. I love the first time since I can a few years ago and the entire can donate he are making me since I can come on the game with the story of my mom, there was a special peopl
Donating for the Sonic 06 run so far. Have a great week!
