1st gen is the only gen!!!!! Also I'll donate another 20 dollars if the audience sing the Pokemon tv series theme because we all want to be the very best right???
Loving this race and the fact were going to see that reverse boss order. Now lets work on saving as many frames as we can, Faint those animals! HYYYYPE!
I think I have a Pokemon addiction. Watching Pokemon on GDQ, have Pokemon GO running on my phone, playing Pokemon Alpha AND playing the Pokemon card game with a friend all at the same time. Problem or issue? I think not. Put this to killing the animals.
Kill the animals, save the frames! Os quiero gente de SRE <3
If you have to be sick for a week, it might as well be during SGDQ. Thanks to all the runners for keeping me company. Kill those animals!
money!
I have gotten endless hours of entertainment from GDQ... I love these speed runs and this is the first time I have had the pleasure to donate to an amazing cause... I look forward to more hours of entertainment and since this is my first time donating I must ask... what is wrong with you people? How can you just leave those poor helpless animals to die like that!?!? Half of this donation to saving those poor helpless critters and the other half goes to our evil overlord the Demon Chocobo!!!
Gunner.......why did you go behind Oak? Get it together man. Love Nappy.
Full of nostalgia fuzziness. Save the pokemon and the animals.
I've been super busy this past week so I couldn't watch much or donate until now. I'm really glad I got to catch the Pokemon runs though!

Put this towards TASBot
Great Pokemon race so far. Here's $20. One dollar for each year that this game has been around. Now let's Pokemon GO and get this game done quick! 
Pika Pikaa!
Greetings from Aersia! Pokemon Go is Pokemon without borders! Go Team Mystic!
Good luck to the PokeRunners! The one time it's ok to not catch them all
Thank you all for what you do, I love  you guys
Had to donate again during Pokemon to let the runners know how awesome they are. I love watching my lifelong favorite games get crushed, and this is by far my favorite run during the event. Special shoutout to Shenanagans, the runner of the very first pokemon blue run I ever watched! You guys are amazing. Also Red Team best team!
Hey Mitch, here's some money towards your match versus TASBot. We have to show the robots that humans are superior! Good luck!
My Best friend is  a vegetarian. she's so loving and caring so this ones for her. Save the Animals. 
More Pokemon please!

I wonder how long the Pokemon Go speedrun is. Maybe we'll see for AGDQ 2017?!

Save the Pokemon but Kill the Animals!
Pokemon red was the first pokemon game  I played. So happy to be watching this run! Shoutout to mister babes <3
I'm donating for my first time ever during the Pokemon run because I've spent the past 3 full days trying to Catch Them All with Pokemon Go, so its only fitting that I donate now. Also shouts out to Shenanagans on the couch who is my all time favorite runner!! Watching your speed runs first got me interested in speed running... YOU ROCK!!!
Can't get enough of those Pokémon. The race is awesome and the guy doing the comments is really good. Keep it up! 
From a fan of GDG since 2013
Guys! We need to beat Misty! 
first time donating to gdq,
great run, great cause!
Hype!

Why would anyone pick up dome fossile rather than helix fossile? Lookin at you Gunner!
Where's the "catch the animals" button? Suppose I'll have to donate to "faint" the animals instead. Hope you brought your Max Revives!
Go Extratricky on Pokemon Red
I would have donated one dollar for every time I was unable to connect to Pokemon Go, but I don't think I could afford it.
Taking a break from Pokemon Go to watch SGDQ. Always love this event and all the good it does!
This speed run is bringing back so many memories and I always love the nostalgia trip that GDQ provides. Good luck to the speedrunners and thank you for supporting this cause. Looking forward to next years Pokémon Go speedrun. Hope ya'll have good cardio!
Second time catching the SGDQ and I'm loving every moment  of it.  I had to donate during the Red run because Pokemon has helped me to get to where I am today.
dear extratricky,

don't scrub this one up you twit.

your crew at dropbox is heckling you from SF today, and we miss you.

let's get fat on blackjack burgers with p92 and jeeps soon
Shout outs to playing pokemon Red in the twilight zone!
Finally donating now that I got paid! Thanks for a great SGDQ. Praise the sun and save the animals!
Loved Pokemon as a child and still love it to this day with custom romhacks. Thank you for the amazing event and donating all proceeds to a great charity.
Only realised today that SGDQ was on, can't believe I missed a week of great runs. Luckily in time to catch this piece of nostalgia. I put this money towards the glitchless run, let's (Pokemon) GO!
Wow m amazed you can speed run pokemon games! I spend WEEKS just to evolve my Magikarp! Splashing is fun though ^_^
I just recently finished the vc-version of pokémon red and this race is the perfect conclusion to my trip down memory lane. Great event, thanks to everyone involved!
We need more pokemon! Go
More Pokémon, less sleep.
Can't get enough Pokémon between this speedrun and the release of Pokémon Go.  This donation is going towards the Blue Reverse Gyms speedrun.
Gotta catch 'em all! 
...Or not.
Lets all speed through this childhood classic.
Oh, and save those frames from the evil animals.
guys, you have to go check out bill's rare pokemon, they're pretty amazing. good luck to all the runners for good rng
Totally bummed that this is last day.  My husband and I have been watching all week. It was an amazing week.  Love my husband so much for introducing me to this event. 

I would like half of this donation to go to the Pokemon Blue bonus run, and the other half to kill the animals.  
I took a break from running around in Pokemon Go to catch this Pokemon Red race! (It totally wasn't because I needed to charge my phone...)
Pokemon is my favorite series, It's nice to see a glitch-less run, its easy to follow and interesting to see these strategies! Thanks to the Pokemon Runners and all the runners, what a great SGDQ! 
one MILLION dollars
Hello everyone,  I've been watching Games Done Quick when it was first starting up and am glad to be donating for the first time.  Beat that Misty SwiftRage - Also will donate another $100 if one of the racers does the Mew glitch.
C'mon guys, the excitement comes from the incredible play of the runners, not wondering if we'll set a new record for donations.  I'm looking forward to seeing man vs. machine tonight with Mitch battling the TASbot.  Has TASbot been on Colbert?  Can TASbot eat a hot pocket?  Let's donate to get this battle to happen.  If Mitch beats TASbot, and Colbert beat Mitch, then Colbert defeated a robot by eating a hot pocket, by the transitive property.  I think this is a good outcome for everyone.  Anyway, point is, donate so we can reach a million before TASbot even takes the stage.
Pokémon Red is the game that consumed my life when I was young, awesome to see it utterly destroyed like this!
Donating for reverse badges because that run is so much fun to watch! Cheering all the runners on from here in the fourth row and catching some Pokemon myself in GO... You're gonna catch em all right guys?
Come on everyone, let's get that  Pokémon Blue!
Just wanted to tell you all, what a great event SGDQ always is. Big thanks to all you people involved in providing us a week full of awesome entertainment. By the way: Just 5000 $ to go? We can totally do that! Let's see that Pokemon bonus run for sure!
Pokemon first gen and especially the speed run have a place in my heart, good luck to all the runners what a great race!
Smell Ya Later
(Please Read) Hey Gunner, it's me Twainodraino. Just wanted to let you know "I'm here" haha good luck on the run bro, I've been waiting for this run all week. Also nice Seth Rollins T shirt! 
With all the talk of Pokemon Go and Pokemon Speed Run, I'm going to bust out of my Nintendo 64 and play Pokemon Puzzle League, to be the very best, like no one ever was!
Good luck on the run people.  Putting this toward that Pokemon Blue run. Cmon guys, we need this! Also, kill the animals.
GL Gunner
Hail Helix
I hereby donate with the power of 100 little girls!   Shout outs to my friends in the audience Nogard and Roxor, and to pokemon for bringing us all together.
It would be ONIX-CEPTABLE if we didn't see the reverse badge order!!!!!!!!!!!
May the PokeGods speak SheNanagans and bless Poke Go players with sightings of Mew
Why wasn't there a Pokémon Theme sing-a-long incentive? 
Let's get the reverse badge and TASbot incentives met.
What an amazing run! I always love watching pokemon speedruns, especially with Shenanagans on the couch! This is all i can donate this SGDQ. Good luck on the rest of the marathon!
Congrats on another incredible GDQ!
I just gotta donate at least once for a GDQ, and with the Blue run running out of time, now's the moment! Still blown away by this morning's Trauma Center run; hope to see New Blood next time, or maybe some of the X-operations. This donation's going for Blue; after Red's RNG gets to toy with the runners, it's time to strike back! Good luck to all the racers.
I love watching SGDQ. Good luck to the runner. Go catch em'all!!!!
Thanks for an awesome event, and special thanks to whomever edits and uploads to youtube, it makes it so much nicer for those of us unable to watch live.
First time donating, always love tuning into any GDQ event. Usually spend countless hours watching all this amazing content! Reverse badge run sounds fun, and who doesn't love fun things?
GDQ is illuminating the dark corners of my synapses. Shout out to my wife Amanda, and my friends DJ and Erich! Save the animals!
Hey Guys, really enjoying the Pokemon race and hoping we get to see the Blue run too! Hope Lord Helix is watching over you all!
Time for Pokémon, so time for me to donate. I just want to say thank you for using video games for such an amazing cause, and also to the QuakeNet chat for being the best chat. It's just a shame that GDQ comes but twice a year.

In the spirit of Pokémon... put this towards killing the animals.
Shoutout to my 5 year old, Zoe, who is really excited about the Pokémon run.  Let's get Blue too!
Those animals aren't going to kill themselves.
To protect the world from devastation,  to unite all people's within our nation, to denounce the evils of truth and love, to extend our reach to the stars above. Jesse, James team rocket blast off at the speed of light,  surrender now or prepare to fight,  meeeeeeeeeowth that's right! 
Running around the world adventuring with Pokemon Go while simultaneously streaming this race. I think this is the path to happiness. Good luck to all four racers!
I've donated for almost every AGDQ and SGDQ because it is a great cause. 
Me and my wife (and kids off and on) have had one heck of an enjoyable week. We can't give much, but we wanted to give something as thanks to everyone for another great GDQ
I'm alwais so impress to see the pokemon runs and I can't wait to see the reverse badge blue run
Pokemon Blue? Yes please!
Hey guys! Glad the Pokémon speedrunning community is being very well represented in the marathon. Good luck to the racers, and hope to see the amazing RBA run!
So close to that Blue bonus run, hope this helps!
Gogo pokemon blue! Greetings from Sweden!
long time donator, first time watcher. Love the pokemon block and would love to see Blue run backwards.
You are the very best,
Like no one ever was.
To speedrun is your real test,
To donate is my cause.

PS: Eevee is the best, gotta get those Buttons ;).
Need one of those gen 1 posters.  They look glorious. 
Currently enjoying a Pokémon run and a pizza. What a time to be alive. Let's make The Bonus run for Pokémon Blue happen.
Love to everyone involved into any GDQ event.
Pokemon Blue bonus run? yes please :)

Thank you for your hard work in this amazing event again this year and thanks to all the runners. 
you guys are awesome!
 Awesome event! Here is 10 bucks for Pokemon Blue and a bit closer to that one million!
3rd time donating this week, but we need that Blue run!
Kiss from France. I love GDQ and my son just joined me to follow the Pokemon run. For us this is now a great family event for a great cause.
Thanks to all of you who make this possible.

Keep the Pokémon coming!
Pokemon ohh Pokemon, i remember when i got my first game, Yellow OFC.  Dat pikachu, worthless even at lvl 100 :D

And another 35 $ if the reader can read the name right the first time.
I love the Pokemon runs and Shenanigans is one of my favorite speedrunners, so having him commentate is great! And all for a good cause.
Hey there Shen. Although I never catch you live I rewatch every stream at night and I'm subscribed for half a year now. I really enjoy your races against Chris and although you lose against the Chrisluck you often manage to still turn the tides. The 50$ go to the Pokemon Blue extra run since there can never be enough Pokemon.
Ayy! Obligatory first time donator, long time watcher! 
Pokemon runs ftw! 
Best of luck to the runners. Let's go for a Mil guys, we still have time!
Finally we will be able to see a Pokémon Red race at GDQ featuring 3 of the most well-known Pokémon speedrunners : Exarion (wait, shouldn't Charmander be faster ?), Gunnermaniac (please don't disppoint your viewers, they want you to beat Exarion's World Record this race, or they will unsubscribe), and ExtraTricky (why are you here while D-Sum isn't fixed ?). Oh also : hi Keizaron, ready to finish in fourth place ?
I've been loving the year-long celebration of Pokemon this year for its 20th anniversary. I can't think of another franchise that has had such a consistent positive effect on my life. Donation goes to the bonus Blue run because I will never say no to more Pokemon. Here's to 20 more years of Pokemon and an awesome final day of SGDQ 2016.
Great cause. Great games.
Thanks for the great week full of great runs.

Greaaaaaaaaat!
if everyone gives a little we'll get that pokemon blue run in no-time. Lets do it people.
First time watcher, first time donation. Pokemon Red was the first game I ever tried to speedrun, back when I got it in the late 1990s as a kid. I don't think I ever got a record time, but I'm happily surprised so many people had the same idea.

Save the animals! 
Donating $15 for the Pokemon Blue run. When I watched my first GDQ I saw a glitch showcase from the original pokemon games and it has made me come back for more. Now I am watching the pokemon race with my fiancee and she is hooked.
We got to kill those animals! I need something to eat after the runs are done!
I've been watching GDQ events for a couple of years now, and it never fails to entertain.

The concept is amazing, the causes are always admirable, typically the kind of things that make us proud to be a gamer.

Please, keep doing what you're doing throughout the years, because YOU (staff, runner, audience ...) are one of the reason this life is definitely worth it !
I think I left my Pokeball at home, but I think these guys have it covered. Good luck to everyone on the race. Putting this to having Mitch go up against the TASBot.
Oh look, it's my favourite runners, and Keizaron! :P

Let's get that Pokemon Blue target met!
OH MY GOD... Shenanigans on Stream... he got me hooked on Speedruns...High Fives for him from me <3
Already donated earlier this week but I gotta do it again during the the Pokémon block to get my first ever game played.  Defeat the rivals and consume the candy, runners! If this gets read, l will double it. $ to Pokémon Blue. <3 Crochet mom 
Keizaron I am dissappointed. Seeing you race Pokemon red, why don't you race Animorphs? Way better speedgame.

Still, go get that Pokemon blue bonus run.
Pokemon Red is one of the first games I ever played. Unlike these guys, I exploit all the glitches. Even though we all know Red is the superior color, I'm donating to see the Pokemon Blue run. Thanks to the runners for the amazing marathon.
I've been waiting to donate for this run, since Pokemon Red got me into gaming, and it's really awesome seeing a 4 way race of it. Good luck everyone!
Whoops, some more money for blue.
Gotta catch as many as it takes to get through efficiently! Had to donate during this classic. Great work, guys.
First time donating yay!
Long time donating, first time marathon. Thanks to all the watchers for the amazing runners.
I've been playing a ton of Pokemon Go and waiting on the edge of my seat for Sun and Moon so I have to donate for the Bonus pokemon blue run. 
Just got promoted at work, so why not donate some money to a good cause? Keep up the good work everyone, and hope Misty doesn't cause too much trouble.
Had to donate during Pokemon Red!  Big thanks to the everyone involved in SGDQ to make this week amazing!  Shoutouts to Shenanagans, let's meet that Blue incentive, and kill the animals!
Even though its 3:30am here in Australia I gotta donate during on of my favourite games.  Money goes to  the Pokemon Blue run, Gotta Run 'em All.
I gotta see this Pokemon Blue run.
Red Race? BAMPERSAND
Shout out to the awesome lineup we got for this race... also could you ask ExarionU about Whismur% Kappa
Let's get that reverse gym order goal met!
Pokemon. Enough said.
Alas we near the end of Sgdq,  but we get some great  runs to close out this fantastic week of gaming.  Props to all previous and future runners. This couldn't be done without you (and everyone behind the scenes, thank you soooo much for your efforts).  Let's give them some love! 
Been waiting all week for the Pokemon run. Good luck trainers! Gotta catch 'em- Or, no, I suppose you won't.
If only we could use the nugget bridge glitch to donate even more to MSF! We're so close to the Pokemon Blue run! Let's do it!
Here's my donation for the marathon. LETS GET THIS BLUE RUN IN!!! HYPPPPEE!!!
I love games done quick. First time donating. I have been watching for about 3 years. My favorite runs have been Banjo Kazooie, SheNanagans blue run and all the DK 64 runs.  Great event! Thank you to all the runners for doing this every year.
Pokemon Blue...Backwords? It has to happen!
More pokemon awww yeah
I want to thank Shenanagans, because I learned about GDQ by randomly finding a videa of his run last year! My planning for the past week was ruined, but it was fun so it's alright! :)
Another donation for the last day of SGDQ. Always sad to see it end, but at least there's always the archive so I can watch the runs I missed. 
Here's to watching the original Pokemon game speedrun, while speed running outside playing Pokemon Go. My how far we've come!
I've been thinking aobut joining the pokemon speedrunning community lately. I've always been amazed at the pokemon runs. Keep up the amazing work! Put this money towards the Pokemon Blue Reverse Badge Run- we're so close!
One dollar for every Pokémon in Red. Help the Pokémon take over the world, and kill the animals.
Donate at least $50 every gdq since the very first one. Now is the best time to make that awesome Pokemon Blue run happen.
Between SGDQ and Pokemon Go, I don't remember what life used to be. Save the frames!
 Donating again for an awesome Pokemon run and because I want more Pokemon !
I'm so happy my husband introduced me to this event! Great games, great people, and a great cause = win,win,win. Donating towards the Pokémon Blue run! Good luck pokemon trainers!
First time watcher and donater, my girlfriend and I have been watching all week and we love the stuff guys.
Also why would anyone with a heart kill adorable animals? Not us. 
Good Luck Brother!
Thank you for all the great work all of you are doing. Please put this towards the Pokemon Blue run. Thanks!
Prize donation and money towards Blue. Shout out to everyone who's donating more than me.

Waiting patiently to hear Brain Power during the TAS block.
I will always remember how excited I was to open Pokemon Red on Christmas.  Charmander forever!  Shoutouts to B-ri and Mr. Bear, and the great cause that is Doctors Without Borders.
Just had my wisdom teeth out yesterday morning, so I've had a lot of time to sit on the couch and watch all of these amazing speed runs.  Thanks to the staff of sgdq and all of the runners for putting on this event.  
I like shorts! They're comfy and easy to wear!
My girlfriend and I have loved pokemon literally our entire lives, so it's only fitting that we donate during the Red run... but Blue is the best color. Make the Blue run happen! POKE HYPE!!!!!
My third year watching SGDQ but my first time donating! 

Well done to all the speedrunners this year they've all done a fantastic job so far. Donating for Pokemon Blue as I love Pokemon and glitches! 

Good luck to the runners in  the Pokemon Red race.
This is a great event every time it is on.  Thanks to all the runners who put on such a great show and all the crew who make it run so smoothly. Everyone should try to donate what they can even if it is a small amount, because a small amount among hundreds of thousands of people can go a really long way!
I couldn't think of anything witty to Raichu, so I just want to thank you all for a brilliant week that was anything but Gastly. Once it's over, I'll be feeling Krabby and full of Gloom.
HeyGuys greetings from Germany!
Thanks for giving us another Week, of packed Spee-Gamplay. Keep up the good Work
Thanks for everything you guys are doing! This Pokemon block is super interesting. I love every Pokemon game and have been wandering around my neighborhood playing Pokemon Go in between runs. Keep up the good work everyone, and save the animals!
WOOOOOOOOO! YEAH! POKE-MANS!!!!
SGDQ used Awesome Strats!  
It's super effective!  
The viewer fainted!  
SGDQ got $15 for winning!
Donating for the Pokemon Blue run because it was the game that started my life of video games!
This GDQ's the very best, like no one ever was.
To beat games is our real quest, to donate is our cause.
Excited for this Pokemon Red run but let's get to see Blue too. 
Been waiting all year for this. Good luck runners lets get that mew under the truck. 
Paxis from germany here. 
SGDQ is brilliant like every year, good luck to all the runners and keep up the incredible good and lovely work. 
Greetings go out to the BBV community.
I wish I could donate more. Good luck to all the runners. Greetings from Germany!
Thank you guys for all the amazing work you are putting in to help people in need.
I coudn't think of a better time donating than during the game series that I spent most time on during my childhood.
Let's show all those Pokémaniacs who's boss and get on the Poke-hypetrain blasting off at the speed of light!!!
I had to donate during Pokemon as it is my favourite series. Good Luck to the Runners. My money goes to killing those animal #SaveThoseFrames
Loving the pokemon race. Good luck to all the runners.
Pokemon red was the first Pokemon I played and the third game I owned as a kid. There are few things that can super effective me in the nostalgia feels than this game. Here's to  a winning Nidoking rampage. 

I challenge everyone watching right now to donate five dollars right now. We could meet that pokemon blue incentive and be well on our way to ONE MILLION DOLLAR HYPE!! 

Here's my five and one for each of the runners as they seem to be busy at the moment.
Hey guys! Great marathon so far. I'm glad I get a chance to tune in to see some of my fellow Pokemon runners this year! This is my first SGDQ donation, and I will throw in an extra $5 if Keizaron gives an extra loud "WIGGLYWOO!" at Erika! Remember, trainers: Respect your Nidorans. Pokemon risk their lives in order to beat these games fast, and like all living creatures, do not deserve to be abused, cursed, or mal-treated in any way. Now then, on to business, put my donation towards KILLING the animals!!!
I was sad to see Shenanigans wasn't on the runner list for this game, but I was pleasantly surprised to hear him commentating. Can't wait to see this glitchless category play out and best of luck to the runners. P.S. Squirtle is the best gen 1 starter. Fight me in donations, twitch chat.
Been looking forward to this run all week! I'll be at work until after the TAS block, so here's a donation to hopefully watch the bonus run later. Too bad it's Pokemon Blue though. Team Re— I mean, Team Valor forever!
Reminder to gunner that this is a glitchless run #teamkeiz
My parents didn't let me play Pokemon for a long time when I was younger, and as a result I loved it all the more when I finally got a chance to get into it. This money is in honor of my awesome sister who loves Pokemon even more than me, and goes towards the Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges run, which she has said sounds "really awesome".
So glad I get to see the Pokémon race at my first sgdq. Put this to runners' choice.
Less than $7k to pokemon blue lets get those donations in!!
hi everyone,
long time gdq viewer,
let's help the doctors, so many children can play pokemon in the future as well, like us 

and pokemon are animals too, and we never would kill them, so, SAVE THE ANIMALS! ^^
It's my second GDQ and first time donating as I was unemployed last time. A huge thank you to all the runners, announcers, behind the scenes staff and donators for putting on another amazing event. I couldn't decide what I wanted to donate to so I decided to donate to everything I could! 20 to save the animals, Pokémon blue and the Mitchflowerpower TAS race. $5.54 goes to naming Tera Alice. If you're watching this you rock kid! Never change!
This has been a great marathon for a great cause. Thanks to all the runners, commentators, and people behind the scenes keep up the great work.
Really hope this gets read. Will donate again if it does! Love watching all of these streamers on the reg, so it is awesome to see them race live. Gotta say though, I am rooting for my boy Gunner. Let's get it!
Really glad I could catch Pokemon Red live! Good luck to all the runners, and hoping we get to see the reverse badge run.
Always wanted to join the speedrun community, but I also wanted to break some new ground.  Anyone want to help me route Pokemon Go?
Yo! Champs in the making! Happy racing for my favorite game ever, Pokemon Red (actually it's Silver but whatever)! Here is my moneys for running Blue right after this and to kill those dirty animals! This event is amazing and so are all the runners! 
Pokemon Red was both my first Pokemon and Game Boy game. I have a lot of good memories from it, which includes my first Mewtwo, which was traded to me by an old friend as a leaving gift. Pitching in for that bonus Pokemon Blue run!
The Pokemon Blue run NEEDS to be meet! It's the first Pokemon game I ever played 
First time donator. This is going to the bonus Pokémon run.
I've been watching from the beginning and I hope to continue watching for many years to come! My money is to the Bonus Pokemon Blue run and Saving the Animals!
So sad SGDQ will be over soon. Had a great time checking in on runs all week and am already excited for the next event. You guys are amazing!
Really enjoying watching my favorite game growing up being destroyed, and four times over no less. Red version for life!

This goes to Blue version because any Pokemon even Blue version is better than no Pokemon.
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ EXTRATRICKY TAKE MY FAITH ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Runners have to know this game backwards and forwards... So of course we have to see it played in both directions! Putting this towards the reverse badge run. Thanks guys!
Had to donate during my favorite game series. This goes to the reverse badge order run. 
This race is awesome. Let's get that Blue run
A question for the runners: Who's your favorite pokemon? Mine's Eevee!
First time watching a GDQ event live, and I just had to donate during the Pokemon block. I love watching you all break these games in such amazing ways, even in a glitchless run where you're (technically) not breaking anything. This goes to the Pokemon Blue bonus run, because I never thought it would be possible to beat the game backwards, and we need to make it happen!
Man dem pokemon posters looks sick
Hello from Australia. I need to sleep but I also need my Pokemans! Really want to see reverse badges Blue, come on people donate!
Hey guys TreyWilliams here! Really excited to watch Gunner pull to an early lead only to get trolled by GunLuck, listening to Keizaron BabyRage about how this bad luck is unreal, and Exarion inevitably win with his calculated decision making. I'll donate an extra $10 for every runner who dies to Koga ... Kappa
I have to ask, how many of the runners are the very best? In other words, how many press Up and B?
Been waiting all week for this pokemon run!  Was introduced to speedrunning when I watched Gunner's yellow run at ADGQ. Been loving it ever since. Fantastic event this year! Gunner Hyyyype. Let's see the blue run!
I like shorts! They're  comfy and easy to wear!

Pokémon Blue run hype!
Can't not donate during a pokemon run, so put my money towards... more pokemon! Great stream guys, love GDQs.
Hey Brock,
take a bath!
Watching speedruns on my birthday is a wonderful thing! You know what would be an awesome birthday present? Seeing okemon Blue get broken in ways I never imagined. Oh yeah, and SAVING the animals.
wigglywoo
who needs pokemon go, getting back to the good ol' days
Hey runners, first donation, but I've been watching for a few years. 

Thank you for running Pokemon Red, the first video game I ever got, and the one that inspired me to pursue a career in game development. 

You are the very best, like no one ever was. 

Olizor, Canada
Hey all, here's $15 (wish I could give more, but my boyfriend and I just moved in together!)

I thought I'd donate during the Pokémon run as Pokémon holds a special place in my heart. My boyfriend and I met at a Pokémon tournament in Manchester (UK) over 5 years ago, so Pokémon brought us together! And that got me thinking about SGDQ in general: how it brings together gamers through a common interest and a great common goal of supporting Doctors Without Borders.

My boyfriend and I have been watching SGDQ as much as we could all week (we've taken the whole week off work to watch it!) and of course whilst we absolutely love watching the speedy gameplay, the greatest aspect of SGDQ to us is its sense of community. It's a wonderful feeling.

Anyway, good luck to all the runners! 
I saved my donation all week just for Pokemon, and I'm glad I woke up just in time for the start. Pokemon Red was the very first game that got me into gaming, and I'm glad to see it getting run here. Make Team Rocket blast off at the speed of light, save the Pokemon, kill the Animals.
yes pokemon time, c'mon guys I know that you need to watch that pokemon blue run so lets get those donations in
Pokemon is love. Pokemon is life. Pokemon is everything and all.
Can you even train your pokemon right, chumps?
Had to donate during my absolute favorite game from my childhood. Although my Pokemon Red was obviously far superior to my sister's Pokemon Blue, it would be awesome to see that game run as well. And after that, let's save those animals. 
Poor Nidoran female. The males get all the love.
Hey SGDQ,

would have voted to "Taunt the Animals, Troll the audience": go down to the animals, laugh at them, leave them in their small dancehall and escape the planet.
Been watching for about 3 years, haven't seen a live WR, save those frames, kill those animals
With this third donation I've donated a total of 50 dollars. I didn't think it was something I would do, but it's going toward a good cause! Pokemon is love. Pokemon is life.
My roommates have had SGDQ up on the projector all week, and I've loved watching. I never knew that this was a thing. So glad to hear so many shoutouts to the tech crew. From one tech to another, awesome job!
Hey Keizaron, when's the 4-way Animorphs race? #KeizaMeme.
Greetings from the UK> Discovered GDQ last year and it's amazing to see my favorite hobby do so much good. Thanks to everyone involved.
Good luck to EXTRATRICKY & EXARIONU in the glitch run of pokemon red! Also last day!!! WOOP!
Pokemon Go run for AGDQ 2017?
Pokemon Red and a Gameboy Pocket was my Christmas present for 1996. Loading the game, picking my first starter (Bulbasaur), and setting out on the journey was such a magical experience back then that few games have ever matched for me. I never could have guessed at the time how many hours I put into Red, let alone other games in the series as well. Here's a donation for a wonderful trip down memory lane and, even more importantly, for a wonderful cause.
Gotta contribute to see the bonus pokemon blue reverse badges run. Keep up the good work. 
Let's make that "reverse badge order" bonus run happen!
Hey everyone. Always happy to watch GDQ when it comes around. Here's $15 towards killing the animals.
Thanks for all the hard work from everyone at the event and all the donations for such a wonderful cause!

Money towards Pokemon Blue Reverse Gyms
It's 1am here in Australia, but it's worth it to see the Pokemon Red race. Pokemon Red was the first Pokemon game I ever played and started an inescapable obsession.

Money goes to the reverse badge run because I didn't even know that was possible.

PS: Latias is best pokemon
I hope this run doesn't have server issues like Pokemon Go.  Here's to catching them all and Saving the amimals
Let's Pokémon GO...Go to one million dollars, that is!
Hi all, finally got a chance to watch the runs (curse you work)!  Thank you for everything you do for such an amazing cause.  
I had to donate one last time during the pokemon blue race. Put this toward the Reverse Badges run.
I love the SGDQ event so much. It's amazing to be able to watch the gaming community come together for this event. Shout out to my amazing girlfriend Natalie. Thanks for understanding my need to nerd out. Let's get the Pokemon Blue run! 
I don't have much to donate, but Keizaron said if my message is read he'll make a deal with a certain Shady Salesman
This race has almost too much to watch at once
Gotta catch em' all!
Tuturu~! Greetings from the Baka Brigade. This donation comes from Cirno_TV's super nice community. Best of luck to all the remaining runners. Wow SGDQ, great event, keep it up, proud of you.

Put this toward naming Cyan in Final Fantasy VI Cirno.
Thanks to everyone for another great GDQ event, and best of luck to the runners.
So hype for the runs today. The amazing Pokemon race is off to a great start!  Donating to save those animals.
I'ma let you finish, but charmander is the best starter of all time
Another great week of GDQ! Kudos to all who work so hard to make these events happen; they are always a blast to watch.
Hey guys! I have been awake all night and day waiting for this moment, seeing all my pokeboys racing one of my favorite games! I am all team Kreygasm and I wish everyone good luck on the race! Also Gunner, may Smudy and Dunsparce be with you! See you at ESA!
Prepare for trouble!
Make it double!
To protect the world from devastation!
To unite all peoples within our nation!
To denounce the evils of truth and love!
To extend our reach to the stars above!
Jessie!
James!
Team Rocket, blast off at the speed of light!
Surrender now, or prepare to fight!
Meowth!
That's right! Give all my moneys toward Pokemon Blue
Pokemon was the game that really got into games. It went from one day of me playing for several hours to me now trying to learn the art of game design. My passion for games started with games, but the communities surrounding them helped me decide what i really wanted to do. Thank you everyone for putting on this amazing event, and never under estimate the impact you can have on people. Let's get that bonus blue run, POKEMON HYPE!
Had to donate for the sweet pokemon loot - good luck to all runners. Let's get hype for pokemon blue reverse order run.
Thanks for putting on this event every year.  You guys bring a lot of joy to my life, and Doctors without Borders is such a worthy cause.
WHAT EVEN IS "REVERSE BADGES"??? I NEED to see this run funded!!
Love the Pokemon Red Run! all towards the Blue Reverse Badge Incentive
We need more Pokemon! If everyone in chat chipped in we would destroy the bonus run goal! 
put this towards pokemon blue run
Nidoran hype! Lets get that Blue reverse gym run payed for everyone because that just sounds amazing.
Just wanted to donate during a game that my son and I love to play.  We love watching GDQ events and the fun people who share their tips and tricks.  If you shout out to "Weidoo" (pronounced Way-Doo), my son's handle, I'll donate again.  You will also make his year.
Just had to donate during the Pokemon Red run! What an event what a cause! Lets get to 1 Million!!! Donation goes to Pokemon Blue because more Pokemon is best!
Good luck to all the runners and may your Nidoking be as mighty as RNG permits
Final donation of this event gotta see that blue bonus run. Thanks to all the people behind the scenes that make this event possible.
Good Luck to all the runners on my preferred Gen1 game from my childhood, even though i still pull out red, blue and yellow about once a year each. Will donate again if donation is read!
Shout outs to all the amazing runners, GDQ staff, announcers, and couch commentary that have been here all week!  All of you are amazing!
Don't mind me, just getting in on those amazing prizes. I really love what you guys do and I'm glad that I was off work to watch this.
Hey guys!  You're doing a great job representing the Pokemon Speedruns community!  Make us all proud, and may the Nido RNG be in your favor #KeizaRage.  This donation is obviously going toward eddaket and the Pokemon Blue RBA run!  HOYPE!!
I haven't missed donating at a GDQ for a few years now and I had absolutely no plan on missing SGDQ this year. Thanks to everyone for your efforts for this great cause.
Donated for a good cause. I watch Gunnermaniac's stream a bit and I'm a little sad that I won't be able to ruin his run with endless WWWWWWWW spam via $2 donations. Anyways, pokemon runs are always super fun to watch because of the amount of analysis that goes into the runs, I hope everyone enjoys it as much as I do!

Money goes towards saving the animals since I want GDQ to go on as long as possible!
I had to donate during the Pokémon Red Glitchless race. It's nice to see the original Pokémon games not being broken for a change. That said, breaking old games is always fun, so put this money towards the Reverse Badges run. Kill the Pokémon!
$15 more if  Shenanagans do a backflip!
Always love seeing Pokemon at a GDQ! Now let's see even more!
It's a cool BIKE!
Do you want it?
OhMyDog
love this game to death, someone do a charmander run though
Had a super busy week so I wasn't able to donate before, but here you go! Pokemon Blue was my very first Pokemon game. Really looking forward to seeing how a glitchless run plays out. $10 go to the Pokemon Blue run and $5 to the TASBot VS Mitch race! Good luck to all the runners!
Shoutout to the SGDQ chatroom watching with me all week long. Here's ten dollars toward the Pokemon Blue run.

Also, if everyone watching right now just donated as little as five dollars, we would completely shatter last year's record. Come on guys, donate. We can do this!
Pokemon Blue Hype!!!
Really wanna see that Pokémon Blue reverse medal thing... hope we can make this real ^^ love ya
Hi guys. Long time viewer, first time donator. Thanks to all the people who make this event possible. Also, Happy 20th Anniversary to Pokemon and save those animals!
Pokemon Blue Glitched Run needs to happen.
Caught a Taurus at the gas station and he told me to give $10. So there you go, magic gas bull!
So this will be my final donation as the marathon is nearing its end. I have finally gotten around to looking up the whole save vs. kill the animals thing, and it turns out that saving the animals is the canon ending. So knowing that, I donate to Kill the animals anyways, because by now, you all should know that the story is for filthy casuals. 
I absolutely love Pokemon Red speed runs, and I'm actually about to start running this game myself.  It's amazing to see all of these talented Pokemon runners in one place! Those Rolled Pokemon Figures are adorable and those Posters look stunning! Please put my money towards the Pokemon Blue Bonus Run!
Love pokemon and watching the pokemon runs never fails to suprise me. Lets see pokemon blue aswell!
Always gotta donate during Pokemon.  Thanks for the great week.
Got to attend my first GDQ this year! Had to leave early though because my wife gave birth to my new son. Guys like Keizeron, Gunnermaniac, and Iateyoupie, you guys inspired me to become a speed runner! Too bad my wife wouldn't let me name our son after you...Good thing our Dr didn't have a border! Save the Humanity kill the borders!!
Watched all GDQ's on YouTube. First year catching any of it live. I agree Gen 1 has the best Pokemon.
Great marathon so far! A morning of Pokemon Go, followed by watching a race of Pokemon Red? Oh yeahhhhhh! My money's going towards the Blue reverse badges run, cuz how can that NOT be shown?
Good luck EXARIONU on your run! I hope all you others GUN for the victory, and may the EXTRATRICKY game decide to not perform any SHENANAGANS and have good enough EDDAKET to not become the TYRANT who destroys runs and STUMPs everyone. Now if you excuse me, I need to find my KEIZ (keys), but remember, ME... er, you... GOTSTHIS
MrLlama's diablo 2 run was awesome,  now time to settle in for some great pokemon runs
Hey Keizaron, fingers crossed that you got all your bad RNG out of the way during Animemes earlier this year. 
Second Time I watch a GDQ event, first time I donate. I have to see the Pokemon Blue run, I hope the goal will be met. 
Loving the Pokemon Red run. Let's get that reverse badge run for Pokemon Blue met!
Shenanigans isn't playing? This is very upsetting. Oh well, I'm glad I still made it for the Pokemon block! This donation goes toward Shenanigans' choice, Good luck on the runs, everybody!
Let's Go Pokemon Red !!!
Catch Them All !
@SMaldague
You guys are the best.
Missed more of the stream I wanted to due to work this week, but here to stay until the end. Good Luck to all the runners
Those posters look absolutely amazing and the reverse badges run has to happen. Take my money already :)
Third year donating to the GDQs... Love supporting this great event for a great cause. Looking forward to watching some classic Pokemon with my wife! Good luck racers
Remember my super cool Rattata? My Rattata is different from regular Rattata. It’s like my Rattata is in the top percentage of Rattatas. Oh wait I'm sorry wrong generation. Anyway let's get that Pokemon Blue run! Smell ya later!
Waited all week for this race! GunnerManiac3 is one of my favorite streamers!

Wanting to wish everyone good luck on the Pokemon Red race, and this donation is going towards a Pokemon Blue run.


I've been watching Games Done Quick since The Demon Rush was featured as a bonus game Kappa. This is my first donation. Shout out to my boy ExtraTricky! It's been great fun watching you practice in the week leading up to SGDQ - rest assured, I'm going to be hanging around for a lot longer. Five dollars goes to to Blue Version! Five more goes to the Hippocratic Oath - first, do no harm. Save the animals! Last $5 goes to Tricky's choice, so long as it isn't kill the animals!
Here is $135 in honor of the best pokemon ever.
I'll donate another $15 if the runners know "Who's That Pokemon!"
My wife and I couldn't agree on saving vs killing the animals, so we're putting this towards extra enslaving animals and making them fight each other.
I want to play a little game with Twitch Chat. I want to see if they can count to 100. After the announcer counts you down, you have ten seconds to type all the numbers you want, as long as there's only one number per message. If I see every number present, I'll donate another ten. Good luck!
Hi everyone, Stove here.
Wanted to save my donation for the Pokemon Red race as it was my first video game I played even though it came with a dead battery and I couldn't ever save. I wanted to get into gen 1 speedrunning but unsure how to start. Put half my money to the reverse badge blue run and half to killing, i mean fainting, the animals. 
So excited for the classic Pokemon! This goes to the Blue Run (even though I am a pokemon Red kinda gal). Also, Nidoking is my favorite pokemon! Its so cool to see him used to BREAK THE GAME !
Please Read!
I wanted to get my final donation in during Pokemon, particularly to thank Gunner, Keizaron, and especially Shenanagans for inspiring me to start running Pokemon 1st gen. Thank you so much! This goes to Shen's choice!
Hoping to see Pokémon Blue. Eevee is the best!
Shout out to Kari for her beautiful posters. Super proud to see her work on stream. 
Always happy to donate during Pokemon speed runs at GDQ events.  Excited to see all of the interesting strats for this race.  Hopefully the gen 1 RNG isn't too trolly.  Definitely put my donation towards the Pokemon Blue run.
Gotta see more Pokémon action.
Had to donate during the Pokemon run, especially as--like probably a lot of people--I've been playing Go nonstop for the last few days. Putting my donation toward the Blue run, and good luck to all the runners!
Dango Dango Dango, praise nagisa-chan, smudy is a dirty fish traitor, good luck gunner and the rest, and lets get pokemon blue met! Dango Dango Dango
Hey guys donating once again and exited to watch the Pokemon red run. Good luck guys and put this towards the Pokemon blue bonus run. MILLION DOLLAR HYPE!!!
Always great to see a Pokemon game run, and as a race it's even better. Pumped to see the blue run as well, so get those donations in!
Good luck on the run all of you.  May the luckiest runner win. And Shoutouts to Swaph for discovering Instant Text. 
Love watching the speed runs and had to donate for my favorite childhood game and for those awesome posters. Keep up the good work and this goes to pokemon blue.
First gen is best gen. Sadly I gotta run to a wedding, so I'll miss the red race. 

Donation goes to pokemon blue. Let's make it happen!
Lets hope for some good nidos and good RNG for the red race. And also lets meet that pokemon blue incentive. And save the animals but kill those pokemon instead.
Thank you for playing for such a good cause.  Pokemon, its magically addictive...
gotta donate for the Blue run my ffirst pokemon game that i got ironicly enough by trading a classmate a codered mtndew
This marathon has made my week much more exciting while I sit around with a broken arm. Love watching these speed runs.
I'm gonna be honest, I have no idea who you guys are, so I'm siding with the guy with the weeabo emote. Shout outs to you man! And put this donation to the Pokemon blue  reverse badges run
I have been waiting for Pokemon Red to donate seeing as Pokemon is one of my favorite game franchise. Good luck on the runs! 
a four man pokemon race? HYPE! 2nd time donating. looking forward to the pokemon blue run. lets get to a million! and 5 dollars to kill those animals
I love this event and everything about it. I love Pokemon a lot, too. But most of all I love my incredible wife Renee...who spent the whole morning playing Pokemon Go with me! So, for her, SAVE THE POKEMO--I MEAN  ANIMALS!
Pokemon runs are always some of my favorites at GDQ because I get to watch my childhood get utterly destroyed.   Good luck to the runners, and here's to making the reverse badges run happen.
Hey Gunner GwaedNos here. Hope you take this race otherwise I will desub you gunKappa.  But this towards Gunners choice.

PS: if it's anything else than safe the animals, put it towards that
Diglett dig! Diglett dig! Diglett!
What do you mean the bonus run wasn't met yet?
Had to donate during my favorite childhood game. Let's see that reverse badge order!
Hi! Donating again this year! All you runners, gdq-staff, viewers and donators are awesome for doing this event! Also lets not forget MSF itself, everyone involved in this organization is extra awesome! Thanks to all of you!

MSF is about helping people, not animals! So lets get a m-m-m-monster kill on the animals!
Congrats on a great event! Got to make that reverse badge order happen.

Keep up the good work and make sure to catch 'em all.
Been watching as much of SGDQ as I could this week, has made a week of dog sitting a lot more interesting. Can't not donate towards Pokemon Blue!
Greetings from the Isle of Man (just off the English coast)!

Put my cash towards this reverse badge run of Pokemon Blue - as revenge for all my anger towards Pokemon Go right now!
A donation, for the reverse-badge order on my first Pokémon game ever, way back when it first came out. Let's see that magic happen! Also, Eevees best eeveelution line, in gen 1 and all gens.
I'm watching that amazing marathon from France. Good luck to all the runners and let's make that pokemon blue run real.
Been watching for a few years now, first time donating.  Good luck to the pokemon red runners.
This is for my fiancee Selene and hope that she see this, This goes to the Pokemon Blue  run as it was her childhood game growing up. also against here will, Kill those animals.


Its the couch for me tonight
Pokemon !!!!!!!!!
Come on everyone! Let's see that reverse badge order run!
Back in the day, I only watched the odd pokemon run by Werster or FF run by puwexil. Now? I'M SPEEDICTED! Put this towards the blue run as no-one on the internet seems to speaking about pokemon at the moment. Maybe this will help!
Had to donate during the game that made me want to be the very best like no one ever was.
Need dat pokemon hype. Thanks for such an awesome event.
Hopefully we can meet that Pokemon Blue incentive. Reader, if you see this, keep plugging it during this run!
Playing Pokémon Omega Ruby while watching this run. Love the series so much. Let's get that Pokémon Blue bonus run!
What a wonderful event for a wonderful cause! HUGE thanks to everyone involved with this, and cheers to the fabulous runners. Let's see some backwards Pokemon Blue later, and since we love adorable Pokemon, we also have to SAVE THOSE ANIMALS!!!
Pokemon red hype! I spent so many nights up just smashing through pokemon because I couldn't rest until I can catch them all!
Donation goes to the sequence break Pokemon Blue run. Make Giovanni suffer!
I couldn't end my first live GDQ without donating to save those poor. Innocent. Helpless animals.

Also, Pokemon Blue is the best Pokemon.
Been donating small all week. Not it's time to give big for that bonus reverse badges run! Thanks to all the runners and volunteers for an amazing week! Love you all!
 Greeting from Frinland. Long time watcher first time donator.
Squirtle is the superior starter
I'm super HYPE for Pokemon Red and Blue runs!  But what about Yellow? Can I get a "TEAM INSTINCT"?!

Hope everyone at SGDQ is finding a little time to try out Pokemon Go! Let's break 1 million!
I played Yellow as my first Pokemon game. Also, I'm ruining my sleep.
I love you, Shenanagans!!!
I love this marathon and donate every year. These games were a favorite of mine throught childhood so i love to seem them. Thank you all so much for what you guys do for this great cause.
Started watching the GDQ's last year, and love the community, and love everything I have seen. You are all very talented people and working for great things, and I salute you. Donating for Pokemon Blue bonus run. Also, shoutout to my friends Rob and Sarm on their new baby boy. 
Can never have enough pokemon!
Thanks for all the runners~ Good job man!
This is my second year watching SDGQ and I'm loving it.

Let's catch some Poketmonsters and get that Blue Pokemon Blue run for charity!
pokémens bluuu
Got up early enough to play Pokemon Go for a couple of hours, and get home in time to make the Red race.  Best of luck to all the racers and to all the A.R.L. Pokehunters. 
This donation is well deserved for ma boy there, Chef Raisins!
Playing Pokemon Go while watching Speedrunners Go through Pokemon Red and donating Green to Pokemon Blue (and hoping this'll read by YellowKillerBee -- who I'd like to name a beedrill after... When I eventually catch one.) 

Keep up the great work everyone!
Hello SGDQ.

A little donation from France, to help MSF and to encourage the runners.

Also a big shout-out to all of the people manning the French restream for helping us enjoy the event at maximum capacity !
Adoraball
Pokemon Red was my first Pokemon Game and I love it so much.

Let's also see that Pokemon Blue run.
So excited to be at my first GDQ event! Got to donate to see my favorite childhood game beaten in reverse.
Shoutout to my paprika crew!

i love you both!

lets get the million guys!
TASBot vs MtichFlowerPower? I've got to see this!
Gotta Catch 'Em All!
Been watching all  this entire week and been waiting for the Pokemon Red run. You guys are all awesome!!! I think everyone there should deserve a round of applause!!! Save the frames and as always WAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
Thank you SGDQ for  being the best date spot of the summer!
Gotta run them all
<3 SGDQ <3
It's time for my favorite part of GDQ, the Pokemon Block. We get to see four of the best people over at the great community that is Pokemon Speedruns (whose discord you should definitely check out) race it out for Gen 1 glory. This is gonna be superb skills for a superb cause. Lets just hope that no one here gets curbstomped by the PSR Bingo World Heavyweight Champion. Donation goes to fourth place's choice.
MUST HAVE POKEMON BLUE!!!
Hello SGDQ. I'm so excited for this Pokemon Red any% glitchless race, it will be an amazing battle between the former and current WR holders...and Keizaron. Best of luck to all the runners. May Mt Moon RNG be forever in your favor and hit them rock slides! Donation goes to Keizaron's choice. #TeamKeizaron
Today I was reached by the news that my grandmother was lying on her death bed.  Heading home after saying my goodbyes I was struck by how lucky I am to live in a country with working healthcare. I'm donating what I can to give someone else the chance to spend more time with their grandmother or grandchildren.

Money goes to saving the animals, so that they too may one day get grandchildren.
Pokemon is my life! So excited to see it at SGDQ; gotta see that Blue reverse badge run!
I have to donate for Pokemon red, not enough for those amazing posters but this game has been part of my life for so so long. Gotta watch this and then chase more Pokemon in Pokemon GO. Good luck to the runners
Thanks for the hours of entertainment this week!
Had to donate for the lovely voice from the donation reader. Instead of catching them all I would catch you ;-)
Hello SGDQ, here is 15 dollars because that is all I could afford. I want to thank everyone who is apart of this event, from runners to that awesome people in chat.

Can I get the runners to do thier best Jynx cry impression?

Dontation goes to Keizaron's choice, because Gunner is a Frog.
Pokemon Blue is a must! 
I'll donate another 25 if the announcer can give her best "Pikachu!!!"  
Sup folks, Just got home from Pokemon US Nationals just to see this event. I've never seen a reverse badge run before so I'm gonna donate just to see that "shenanigans". 20 bucks if Gunnermaniac gets 0 blackouts. May RNGEEZUS be with you!!
Just finished a casual Pokemon play through today, looking forward to seeing someone do it a lot better and faster than me.
Save the Pokémon
Pokemon. Still the best game of all time.
Like the last year i give my money for this amazing sgdq. Have a nice runs !
Because its pokemon
I'm in the top 1% of donators!

Donating to save myself!
Are we going to let them save the animals again? NO!  This is speed running!
those 3 starters look adoraBALL 
WAAHHHHHHHHboffet!
Here's to the guy that made me interested in speed runs in the first place.  Gunner is an amazing runner and is always so interactive with his chat.  He always answers questions even if he's told you to check the FAQ 20 times.  Thanks sgdq for all the great work you do for a great cause.  And hey Gunner why do you stand behind professor oak? 
My 7 year old twins, my 6 month old and I have been watching all week.  Melody and Rose wanted to donate their allowance for the week into the donation so I couldn't help but match and double it. They'll be playing Pokemon Red and Blue right along with the runner and try to keep up!  Good luck to all the runners!
This donation is in honor of Ryan Patrick Long, the biggest Pokemon fan in Pacifica, CA.
Donation from Ireland! Thanks for keeping me up until well past my bed time to watch some awesome runs during the week. My boss might not be so thankful. Great show as always. I'm currently overdosing on Caffeine so I can survive the Super Metroid run.

Kill the Animals!
If you don't go in the room, how can you be sure that there are even animals in there?
Thanks for all the free entertainment you've supplied over the years! I've begun to feel guilty for not contributing anything to the cause, so here's $5. Hope these events never stop.
I love this event and it has gotten even better since I have a friend who ran this year, SHOUT OUTS TO RAELCUN!
W W W W W W W W W W W W W W Double U w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w double you
Thanks for everyone's work this week!
So, when is "Twitch Plays Pokemon GO" happening? Come on, it's the current year! Let's get with the times!
GDQ is one of my all-time favorite events. My love goes out to all the participants -- oh, and Save the Animals.
thanks for the games and the entertaining couple of  days  and shutout to Sheevergaming for hosting the stream  ravage smile <3
Pokemon HYPE!
Wish I could just log into Pokemon Go though...
First time viewer and donator. Super hyped about seeing FF6 turned on its ear ... and the TAS block ... the whole rest of the lineup. But first, let's turn this Pokémon train around! Bring on the Eulb!
Greetings from Spain! Looking forward to see that Pokémon run! Catch them all... and the animals? Well... WAAAAAH
Pokémon I choose you!
Thanks to gunner, keiz, exa, and tricky for all the help getting started speedrunning pokemon !  Good luck to all!
Bourrez les dons !
Thanks for the great even once again, GDQ never dissapoints. POKEMON RED HYPEEE
Hey there. I have been Waiting for the Pokemon Run all Week. Hopefully i can help to meet the extra bit of Pokemon content while helping out an awesome Charity. :)
I can't imagine how it is possible to do reverse badges in Pokemon so please show me. Is there any chance to catch Jigglypuff in either Red or Blue and call her Anna for my lovely fiancee?
Thank you so much for doing SGDQ and helping Doctors Without Borders
Magikarp Hype, good luck to the runners 
Great work, great cause, great games. Take my donation!
Thanks for the fantastic week. Let's see that Pokemon blue run happen.
First time donater, but had to donate for Pokemon Blue! This is my first GDQ and I've been watching all week.  Such a cool event.  Big thanks to the runners and the event workers.  You guys are so awesome for doing this!  PS: Kill the animals!  
Love this event! This is my second time watching a GDQ event and I realy wanted yo donate this time! Keep up all the amazing runs. This donation goes for the Pokemon blue, because when do we realy have enough Pokemon right?
The speed running community's ability to turn their passion for gaming into a way to help people is truly awe inspiring. 
This goes the pokemon blue run.  I don't even know how you would do that. Great job to all the runners! 
I'm donating what  I can since I'm out of a job, but thanks for putting this on every year. Love the speedruns and love the community.
May the nidoran God be with you all. I will donate $10 for each perfect victory road (swag Boulder allowed) ! 
Big thank to the organisers and runners.  So sad its nearly over.
Hey everybody! Thanks for another great GDQ event. I've been watching since 2012 and make it a point to donate every time.  It is truly amazing what you are all doing for a great cause. Looking forward to the TASblock.
donated already, so i dont have much money left in my account, but i still want to help get that pokemon blue run made
Hail Demon Chocobo!
http://i.imgsafe.org/12db82d4dd.jpg
Hey - no time to explain: 
i''ve come from the future to tell you that we HAVE to kill the animals!!
Just trust me!

Also: nice hair, dude.
Let's see as many runs as possible and meet all bidding challenges. Money goes to next bonus run which would be Pokemon Red.
put this towards pokemon blue! more pokemon, more fun
Fourth time donating, long time watcher. 

Let's get some of that pokemon blue HYPE! 

greetings from Germany 
You can't play Pokémon Red without playing Pokémon Blue! Chipping in towards the Blue run, let's make this happen people and even if it doesn't it will be going to a good cause!!!
lets go for the bonus run gunHype!
Shout out to everyone donating, the runners, announcers, and everyone behind the scenes. I tried waking up at 4.30 this morning to watch Ocarina of Time, but sadly my body said no. Donation goes towards the Pokemon blue reverse badge run.  Catch em ALL!
More Pokémon? Now that's something I can support
Really loved that link to the past reversed boss order run on previous gdq event. So I wanna see that pokemon blue run !
GDQ is the best entertainment of the year, and for such a great cause! Big thanks to all the runners, staff and techs who make this possible! But I do miss The Monitor, maybe bring him back for AGDQ 2017? 
Pokemon Blue was my first game for my Game Boy Color.   I played the heck out of it.  Please put this donation towards the blue reverse badges run because i'm wondering, "What's the deal?"
More Pokemon please
reverse badges? that's like reversing reality! i can't wait to see
Come on guys, let's get those donations in and meet that bonus - Pokémon was easily one of my most played games as a child, so I'm more than happy to donate. 
Happy Saturday to you all and a shoutout to my girlfriend Nicole who puts up with my Pokemon obsession and partakes a little in it herself. Donation goes to Pokemon Blue run!
I can't help but donate during D2:LoD, tied up my phone lines for hours playing...dial-up
Dont have much to give at this moment in my life, but always feel this money would be better off at the hand of such awesome institutions, such as MSF. 
I called off work and told them i was going to be supporting some friends during a marathon. I mean i didn't lie Kappa. This goes to winners choice
It's gonna happen...It's gotta happen. Let's make it happen. Reverse Gym Pokemon Blue!
Not the Bees, not the beees!
Money should bee put to readers choice!
First time donation. Shout out to my coworkers Jess and Aaron for reminding me of SGDQ! 

Also save those animals...I guess.
Remember my super cool Rattata? My Rattata is different from regular Rattata. It’s like my Rattata is in the top percentage of all Rattata. 
That was the second greatest cow massacre i've ever seen.
MOO!
Pokemon Blue was my first pokemon game, so let's add it to the list so we can defeat the final gym leader: Brock.
I'm donating to same the animals in the hopes they will someday teach my brother Kevin how to wall jump.
Thank you for this awesome event
and let's get the Pokémon Blue run started
Who is remaking after this run?
There is no cow level

Oh wait, wrong game....
Did someone just say MOO? Lets get that Pokemon Blue run going!
Don't kill the Cow King!
salutations from Norway. SGDQ doing it's thing once again. 
Let's break that million. also, kill the animals
This is my 5th GDQ, but first time Donating. Still a struggling student, but here's $10 for each GDQ I've seen so far. These are my favorite gaming  events of each year. Shout outs to all the runners, presenters, and everyone working behind the scenes. Keep up the great work you all do! 
Hallo guys, 

I am currently working on my Bachelor thesis and cannot watch this event live...
But here is my donation for the good cause.

Hopefully the event gets uploaded to youtube or another platform afterwards so I can enjoy it till next gdq!

Not gonna miss TASBOT though!
Good work to the team and all runners! 
Lets end run with a bang

Greetings from Germany.

Love you guys. Greetings from Germany.
I know a lot of my Dutch friends are watching, but I doubt they've already donated. Come on guys, let's do it, for Pokémon! (Go Red Team!)
Really want to see Pokemon Blue or should I say Pokemon Moo?
Lets get this Pokémon Blue run in
Good Play
Lord of Bells!
Played Diablo 2 for 37 hours in college on a ladder with my roommate. Here's to a great game and a great cause. 
Nice Diablo run.
Donating on behalf of my BF who is a huge fan from the UK. Second year of watching together on Youtube. Keep up the awesome work, streamers.
!!!!EULB NOMEKOP
llama hype! putting this toward pokemon blue.
First time seeing SGDQ live, it's been a great week. Thanks everyone for putting on an awesome event for a good cause, and congrats Llama on the great D2 run. Donation goes to announcer's choice. I will donate another $10 if Twitch chat give me a Kappa 1 2 3.
Happy Llama, sad Llama, mentally insane Llama, super Llama, drama Llama, big fat mama Llama MOOOO!
A wild DONATION appears!

DONATION uses Terrible Pun!

What do you call medical professionals who only use fire and water starters?

Doctors Without Bulbasaurs!
Thanks for this great week, you guys rocks ! And save the kills, kill the saves !
Donated earlier in the week and am happy to donate again. The pokemon runs are always my favorite and I am happy to be up in time to watch it. Thank you for everything you guys do! You're the best!
I probably spent more time with Diablo 2 than all other games I played combined. Thanks for a consistently great event for a great cause.
Good work, Mr.  Llama!  Now I want to play Diablo 2!
Alright Boys
Ok here is 15 $ for Llamas Deaths so far
and 10$ for 2nd way

So mean from you to die to wave 4 Llama FeelsBadMan

Donation goes to readers choice!
I definately wanna see what Mitch can do against TASBot! Go Mitch! Also shoutouts to Alice!
Hello D2! You took many hours of my time when i was a chid, now have some of my money too! 
I love SGDQ , keep up the awsome work guys! 
Greetings from Hungary.
Great event guys. Just want to remind everyone that as much as this is a celebration of speedrunning, the real beauty is showing off these great games and bringing all kinds of different gamers together. #LoveRunNotASpeedrun #SaveTheAnimals
Figured I'd donate because I noticed Mr. Llama was running. I used to watch your videos to get good at Starcraft II (I got to GM for a season, thanks).
More Pokemon!
Howdy. I reckon' I don't give two shakes 'bout no hokey-pokey mans, but the kin-folks said "ya'ought to donate".  So here's five to watch a kid steal animals in reverse or whatever.
This  is my first time donating so here's $112 in honor first Pokemon ever created. Money goes to Pokemon Blue bonus run.
Thanks to all the speedrunners, gotta catch 'em all! 
Long time watcher, first time donater - all the best and much love to Llama and the whole crew!
Here's the last bit of money I can afford to donate. This event has been great. Glad I took time off from work so that I could watch GDQ live.  Here's to helping the doctors buy some borders. I'm not exactly sure how you buy a border or what you do with it, but hey, I'm no doctor. Even doctors need borders, right? Right?
NOOOT NOOOOOT
Thank you to that donor two days ago for encouraging me to buy the Witness. Great job llama and everyone!
Diablo II was the last game I've seen my father beat before he passed away. Donating in his honor. Also, save a frame, kill an animal! Pokémon and FF6 HYPE!
MY BROTHERS SHALL NOT HAVE DIED IN VAIN! (Money goes to runners choice)
You have quite a treasure there in that Horadric Cube.
Such an amazing week! Keep up the awesome work all you runners.  Excited to see the rest of today!
You've got quite a treasure there in that Llama druid.
Diablo 2 might be the game I have spent most hours in ever in my whole life.
Thank you all for the wonderful job you are doing with this amazing event!

And did we not save the animals in the last event?
It's about time someone thinks about the frames and save them!
Thanks Lama for this fantastic run. Diablo 2 is my most played game of all time but still I've learned a lot from your stream today. Good luck with the cows, and let's make Pokemon blue run happen!
Awesome run for an excellent cause. Can't wait for Super Mario RPG later. Donating for the Pokemon Blue bonus run, and I encourage others to see the same. Let's make it happen!
Second time donating, after countless hours of watching this stream over the last few days I felt I just had to donate again. If you have gotten more than a few hours of viewing out of SGDQ, please donate, even if it is a small amount, every bit helps! South Africa Loves you SGDQ!
For that incredible Diablo 2 run. First time I see this kind of run. Very impressed!!  Now, I wanna do this too ;)

Oh! And save the animals!!
Just got back from volunteering at the local cat shelter, so I'm putting this towards killing the animals to restore my karmic balance.
I rewatched your four-way hardcore barbarian race in anticipation for today's run, and it was such a relief when you absolutely demolished those countess runs for that stealth armor. Fissure was one of my absolute favorite builds back when I played, so it's a delight so see you running it today.

P.S. When are we going to see a Diablo II glitch exhibition? Barbarians willing themselves from existence, sorceresses with their fiery javelin stare of death, paladins running faster than light, and everyone's favorite Horadric hand axe! Skyrim's got nothing on this!
Here's 10 bucks towards Pokemon blue. If everyone watching threw the minimum donation in, we'd hit a mil and get all goals hit! Who doesn't want more SGDQ? Let's get ourselves a few more hours of runs! Keep up the good work guys and gals. Reverse run hype!
Great week, look forward to next  year.  Gotta go out with a bang (blowing up all the animals along with it)
Best Event Ever!
Shut up and take my money!
and of course kill the animals!
Greeting from Finland!
 
Videos from previous SGDQs have made my journeys to work significantly more enjoyable. Keep up the awesome work for an awesome cause! 

This donation goes towards the Pokemon Blue run and saving the animals.
Hey SGDQ, keep up the good work. I've been following y'all for years, and I've enjoyed it every time. Thanks for all your hard work.
Love the Emperor
for He is the salvation of mankind
Obey His words
for He will lead you into the light of the future
Heed His wisdom
for He will protect you from evil
Whisper His prayers with devotion,
for they will save your soul
Honour His servants,
for they speak in His voice
Tremble before His majesty,
for we all walk in His immortal shadow
I love you MrLlama.  Put this towards your choice since my name didn't make it to the D2 file name.
I'm matching the piggy-bank challenge, the give-10 challenge, and the current average donation. Now I'm issuing a challenge of my own: If everyone watching right now gave just $2, we'd break one million dollars. Let's do it. 
Diablo 2 is my favourite game. I'm glad that Blizzard still update it and I hope to see it at GDQs for decades to come.
One of these days I'll make it to a gdq, but until then, I guess I'll just have to watch my favorite runners and support from my couch.  Best of luck!
I've been watching GDQ's for three years now and I've loved every second of it. Keep being awesome everyone. Money goes to Pokemon Blue.
Donating during Diablo 2 while also contributing for more Pokemon? Sounds like a winning combination to me!
Hey Mrllama, just wondering if there were any airport shenanigans with the chainmail this time?
Also, 7 life - no problem!
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
TASBOT HYPE 
Mitch vs TASBot?
TAS is going down...
Hey there,

G3neziz here!

Thank you for putting up such a great event twice a year.
It's always a pleasure to watch  as much as possible, even if it's quite a challenge because of the time difference.

Keep up the good work!

Money goes to Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges Run!


I cast Reflect. Now you must do PokeMon Blue backwards.

Keep up the good work, lets break the $1M. and never stop running.
Woot Woot, Doctors are neat, Borders are lame. Let's get it for Pokemon Blue
First GDQ donation ever. Put this towards the pokemon blue run. 
"Life before death, strength before weakness, journey before destination." Do what you can, what you can, when you can.
The work GDQ does and the money we give makes the world a little brighter. 

That being said...
For the glory of Deer Force, Kill the animals.
GDQ is always such an amazing and entertaining event! Thanks to all the runners and donators!
Can't wait to see the TAS runs.

This donation goes towards the Pokemon blue run! IT HAS TO HAPPEN GUYS!
I once entered ten puns in a "Best Pun" contest, hoping that one would win. But no pun in ten did :(
This had been a great week of entertainment. All these runs are amazing. Great job everyone.
i think im going to miss all the runs i really want to see this year because of work,  but im still enjoying the marathon anyway. im donating the same number as my favorite pokemon, because thats what you do, and im putting 20 of it towards the reverse badge order pkmn blue, again because thats what you do. also the remaining 5 for kill the animals. cmon guys were here to go fast remember?
Stay a while, and Listen
Thank you to all the runners, staff, volunteers and amazingly awesome people that make Games Done Quick such an incredibly beautiful week.
How has this Pokemon Blue run not been met yet? here's my small contribution towards seeing my childhood ruined
I donate, I watch, I donate again!
Amazing event, everyone. I somehow managed to miss all my other favorite games live, so here's to Pokemon Best... I mean Blue.
Been watching SGDQ every day since start. Really enjoy watching Diablo 2, brings back many memories. This goes to Pokemon Blue! Save ze animals!
Loving this Diablo II run! Oh, and put this towards the Pokemon Blue run please :D
Go Gunner! Go Pokemon, go! (hah!)

All the love from Brazil to SGDQ, keep up guys!
First time I've been able to donate, so here's £20 for each event I've watched so far. Thank you to everyone involved for the many hours of entertainment you provide over the years.
Another GDQ, inbetween jobs now so donating what I can. Keep up the good work guys!
There's never enough pokemon games in a GDQ
It's currently 2:30 in the morning here in Australia, and I don't plan on missing any more runs for the rest of the marathon. I can sleep later, right?

Donation goes to Pokemon Blue, because Pokemon.
Must see Pokemon! Everything on Pokemon Blue


First time watching. Amazingly fun event. Thanks to everyone involved.
GO donate for the Pokemon Blue run!
Blah blah blah Great Cause blah blah blah Happy donating blah blah blah. Let's help those doctors to RUN FAST and WRECK BORDERS, like you do games.

Keep rocking the *GDQ scene, all of you!  You've taken most of my weekend's sleep already, so please, have some more tonight.
Money goes to the PKMN Blue - Reverse badges run. It's lagging behind in donations and I WANT to watch it.
Lets get that Pokemon Blue Bonus run!!!
A big thank you to all the runners and the crew, you're doing an awesome job for an awesome cause.

This  money goes to Pokemon, because I want to see how that reverse thing works.
Don't stay a while, and don't listen.
Kill Cain and kill the animals!
Just by looking at Diablo 2 I regret that I never played it. by the way... please kill those animals and please, god, make the reverse badges run happen.
I'll donate another $50 if you read this Ogden Nash poem out loud:

The one-l lama,
 He's a priest.
 The two-l llama,
 He's a beast.
 And I will bet
 A silk pajama
 There isn't any
 Three-l lllama.(*)

(*) The author's attention has been called to a type of conflagration known
  as a three-alarmer. Pooh.
Haven't had time to keep up much with SGDQ this week but glad to catch it on D2! I spent too many hours on this awesome game to even count! Good luck to all the runners ahead and SAVE Cain and the animals!
Thanks all.  I look forward to the GDQ marathons every year, and you couldn't have picked a better charity in Doctors Without Borders / MSF.  It's amazing seeing some of my favorite games speeded through, and at times thoroughly broken.  This is a small price to pay for the many hours of entertainment you've provided this week.
Hey Mrllama! I found your stream from the last GDQ, and here I am donating to the GDQ after. May your luck be like Teo's, and I'm glad to see you kept the chainmail tradition going!
Suddenly, gloams!
I've really enjoyed watching speed runs from games done quick, and this is the first time I've gotten to watch one live.  So, time to christen it with a donation. Thanks to everyone for all the time and dedication to a good cause.
What a horrible night to have a curse.
Badge Reverse Pokemon!

Me and you, it's (all them catch gotta) Pokemon!

Cause my is them train to,
Test real my is them catch to,
Was ever one no like,
Best very the be wanna I!

Thirty more to the Bonus Pokemon Blue run. Also,  Moooooooooo
If i could I would put this on a barbarian hell hardcore run for MrLLama because I know he loves them.

Maybe next year?

(donation goes to runners chioce)
I have been watching as much as possible all week, just like I do whenever there is a GDQ.
Next week is VOD week!
Hope the runners, audience and twitch chat have a great summer.

Everything is awesome!
Greetings from Sweden
Had to donate during the run of the game that brought me into online gaming.  Thanks for all the memories every year and keep up the great work guys! 
Although I probably won't be able to catch the Reverse Badges run live, I am very intrigued to see how that's gonna work out. Will have to catch the VOD later I guess.

Good luck and thanks everyone!
POKEMON GO wait.. that's the wrong game. POKEMON BLUE! Money to Pokemon Blue: Reverse Gym Order Run.
I'm literally getting poor from the donations, but a reverse badge run would make my day! I trust the rest of you to fix cow level while we work on pokemon blue!
Wait, there's a bonus run of Pokemon Blue?! Here's my money!! And while we're at it, can we also get a bonus run of Pokemon Go after that?
WAAHH HA HA!! Waluigi wants to see the Pokemon glitchless run!!!
First time I'm able to see this stream. It has been a blast until now! Keep it up guys!
Also, greets from Italy!
LETTUCE OUT! LETTUCE OUT! SAVE THE BARBS MRLLAMA!
Not even death can save you from me!
Llama llama llama 
Who is this big llama
Starting all this drama
it's me, Mrllama.

Boyfriend and I enjoy your runs and are now playing together because of you. Good luck MrLlamaSC

What do you call medics who bought Bovine Entertainment Systems?

Doctors Without Bored-Herds!
RU RU RU RU RU RU RU RU RU RU
Everyone knows the llama is the natural predator of the cow.
greetings from germany!
You'll get more money over my dead body.
Eat moar chikin.
KIll 'em Llama, kill 'em all!
Great job all! Always love watching! Played way too much D2 back in the day, Sorceress all the way.
Pokemon IS DA BEST!! 
Already donated once this SGDQ, but I wanted to squeeze in one more for this amazing cause. I've basically spent any time not at work watching this week so shout outs to all the runner's and everyone behind the scenes. Put $25 of this towards the Pokémon Blue Reverse Badge Order run, and the rest towards saving the animals.
Gotta support a fellow llama! And kill the animals, cows and all.
Excited to see enough donations to get the cow level. Glad we were able to RAL-ly to meet that TAL ORT-er. Funding it alone would've been RUNE-ous.
I have to donate during the Diablo 2 run! I used to watch my dad play this on the family computer when I was a kid and it's the game that really got me interested in action RPGs! Thanks for this dose of nostalgia in the morning! Oh, and save the animals!
Thanks for all the runs and positive vibes this week!
"Life before death, strength before weakness, journey before destination." Do what you can, what you can, when you can.
The work GDQ does and the money we give makes the world a little brighter. 

That being said...
For the glory of Deer Force, Kill the animals.
I donated for a good cause yaaaaay! Also just wanted to say I love what you guys do, it's also really fun getting to see people still play the games I grew up with. There's a lot of people who will never know what it's like to only have 3 lives to beat the whole game. :]
GDQ is truly the best time of the year!
Love from Sweden
Who let the cows out? Moo moo moo moo! Twitch chat let the cows out! Moo moo moo moo
Just want to say what you guys are doing is amazing. Shoutouts to the Long Island FGC!
No more cow puns! You all need a *bovine* intervention!
Hey everyone!
A cow level? How could someone pass up on that one?
Cows!!!
The animals must be saved!
Spend many nights on Diabolo2! love what you are doing!  keep on the good work. Donation to runners choice.
I never got a chance to play any of the Diablo series, so I'm glad I'm getting a chance to watch it. Keep up the good work, and shout-out to the doctors that are going to the places they're going to. I can't even imagine what types of conditions you encounter, but your willingness to go there is amazing and appreciated :)
Since we already got moooooving, here's 50 Dollah Llamas for a romantic date with Deckard Cain.
Every one make a happy MOOOOOOO :)
Happy that we're going to kill some cows.  Now time to work on that Pokemon Blue run
Behold! I beseech you, do not be bamboozled by beige beasts. It behooves you to begin beheading bloodthirsty  bovines to benefit benevolent beings beyond borders.
New to AGDQ but enjoyed it so much last time I made sure to donate this time. Thank you for the awesome D2 run and looking forward to Pokemon. BOVINE HYYPE!
Lets make Pokemon blue happen!
I wanna be the very best,
But, Like also backwards.
To catch them is my real test,
To promote Reverse Badges run will be my cause!

C'mon guys a reverse sequence break in Pokémon Blue will be awesome! Get the donations in to see it!
Always loved pokemon! Never heard of the reverse bagdes run (call me a pleb if you want) but it really caught my attention! Let's make this happen!
I love watching GDQ and the absolutely ridiculous skills these people have blow my mind.  MSF is a great organization, so here is a little something to help them get some borders.  And since we are saving the borders, lets kill the animals!
Shout out to little bunny foo foo. She's ready to see he cow level!
This was one of the first games I played on PC growing up, and I can put off housework until we kill the cows! Thanks for the run, the awesome cause, and the great personalities! #moomoreannouncerman
Great event! Money goes to runner's choice!
I agree, can't play Diablo without Cow Level. 10 to that and 10 to Pokémon Blue.
Did anyone else notice how the "Lost City" was right next to Lut Gholein?  Put this towards runner's choice please!
Hey-oh!

Thanks for doing these year in and year out, I always love watching the VODS, and Livestream, so here's my second donation ever!

Cheers!
Here's to charity and reliving part of my childhood. Keep it up and mooove it. 
Shout-out to original Diablo and the Sierra On-Line/Synergistic Software xpac Hellfire! Moo! I said Moo! Bovine Plate HYPE! Thanks for all those that make all this possible.
Burgers sound good, for the cowrong level! Moo moo moo, moo moo, moo
Don't let Wirt's death be in vain! Kill those cows. Moo moo moo.
MOOOooooOOOOooooo
I've been stuck on my couch for this past week with knee injuries. Thank you guys for SGDQ and all you do! Ibuprofen is best profen!
Moo! 
Mooooooooooooooooooo!
Hello,

watching with my girlfriend and we wanna see this cow´s dying! Good look Llama
"Are you a milk cow or a raging bull?"
"I'm a bull. MoooOOOO!"
D2 much better than D3 ! Mooooo
First time donating, all that jazz.  Put this towards the bonus Pokemon blue reverse run  and keep up the awesome work
Moo?
Moo!
Chainmail Hype!
Good luck on the run and muh, muh muh muh, MUH!
Stay a while and mooo!
Greetings from germany. Im totally in love with Diablo 2 since I played it with my brother. I was 10 years old and that has been a wonderful time of my life, I wont missed it.
Please kill the cows and save the old man Deckard.
I love Pokemon so my donation goes to the bonus run with Pokemon Blue! 
I used to play D2 religiously. Its always great to watch the most powerful class in the game: The Llama class. ....Also sorry, not sorry. WAAAAAAAHHH
This is my third time watch GDQ live, and I swear it just keeps getting better every time.  Everybody involved in this event is awesome, thank you all for existing in this crazy, crazy world!  I hope to one day be volunteering for this amazing event.
I'll donate another 10 if you get Arcane Sanctuary on the first try
You still have to make it past me to reach the cows!
Where do you take a cow on a date?

To the moooooovies
MooooOOOOOHOO hoo ho hua ha ha ha ha HAAAAA!!!
MOO
Hey Llama

WHen in doubt, Go left
Also Moo just becuase
Good luck
I sacrificed my leg for you, avenge me!
Brrrrring on the cows!
Save the cows! I mean eat more chicken.

MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO level hype
Before there were seagulls spamming "mine" in Finding Nemo, there was the spamming of "moo" in the cow level.  Hoping to hear some "moo, moo, mooo, moo" during my Saturday afternoon.  Hype for a little turf and turf for lunch.  
Long time viewer, first time donator. I love this event and I have to donate during a game I played way too much of when I was a kid. Keep up the good work everyone.
Lace up your leathers, we're going to the cow level!  Mmm, burger for days!
What time does the Cowpocolypse happen?
At High Moooooooooooooon
Another year, another AGDQ, and another opportunity to make the announcer attempt to pronounce Wisconsin city names:

Waunakee
Waukesha
Ashwaubenon
Oconomowoc
Mequon
Mequanigo
Appleton
Moo
Ah the dreaded Maggot Lair in Diablo 2. One of the worst levels ever made. Thank you guys for your awesome work! Awesome games, awesome cause! Keep it up!
Cheers from Germany.

Xenomes
ring ring ring ring ring ring ring, banana phone! glad i woke up in time to catch your run live mrllama! LlamaArmy LlamaLove
BEEEEF
My first time watching GDQ, been a great week! Thanks for all the hard work and doing it all for charity.
Hype hype hype hype hype....wait, wrong Diablo 2 runner. Go get 'em Mr. Llama!
Holla holla get the moo-moo dollas
Moo?
Best of luck Mr LLama , 
Thanks for the great run  of this great game .

Been playing Diablo 2 with my brother for over 10 years now  it is filled with memories  shout out to Frank who is also watching the stream. 

Cow level HYPE!!!!

Brother Jacob
Giving taxi for forge
Cow level HYPE
Knock, Knock.
Whose there?
The interrupting cow.
The inter....MOOOO
Stay awhile and listen...to me die
Is there anything cooler than the cow level? Yeah, there's the Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges run. 
Shoutout to MrLlamas Youtube tutorials! Managed to 2:15 with a druid thanks to him.

Also baal told me he learned to ride the unicycle sarcastically, any feelings about that?

Good luck on the run!
It's my 33rd Birthday--I've made a wish to save the animals!
Used to run a D2 ladder back in the day, every time I'd reset the players would rush to level 70+ in a matter of hours.  It was like a massive speed run every few months. This really takes me back.
Best of luck Llama with the run,
When I was young I often visited a neighbour's farm and played a lot with a cow called Enza who was my best friend. But I then I started playing Diablo 2. And today we are going to KILL THE COWS!! Moo Moo Moo
Great runs, amazing cause.   GDQs are the most positive events I have ever seen.  Keep up the great work, and let's make it to one million!
Great run and insightful commentary. Those cows are dangerous and could attack at any time, so to deal with them, put this donation towards the Butchers Without Borders incentive.
I've got a fever and the only prescription is cow level
Go Cows!
Three cows stand on a field
"Moo" says the first cow.
"Moo" answers the second cow.
"Moo Moo MOOOO Moo MOo Moo" replied the third cow.
The second cow pulls a gun and shoot the third cow.
"Why" asked the first cow.
"He knew too much!"
I had surgery my senior year of high school and couldn't walk for 3 months. I discovered Diablo 2 and it got me through that crappy time. Go cow level, moooooooooooo!!!
Milk them cows, make some yumi cheese, man!
Keep up the great work!
Gotta kill those cows. Moo! Good luck to all the runners. Someday, I will run a game at one GDQ someday. Looks really fun. :)
Hi Everyone!

We absolutely HOOF to see the Cow Level in Diablo 2.  It CUD be one of the best  things in any GDQ, and I feel like we all have a STEAK in this.  Let's all take the bull by the horns and get his incentive funded!  And hey Mr. Llama, when you get there, make sure to keep MOOving and don't get FLANKED!  We don't want to see you get turned into GROUND CHUCK!
"Nature must be preserved"
Save the cute Animals
Been looking forward to this run since AGDQ.  Diablo has Been a huge part of my life and we need to see them cows die. 

Mooooooh
Always be cow-levelling
Come, stay a while and listen!
Save the animals, kill the…  cows? 
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Reth Eldirood here! (Reader's pronunciation guide: Sounds like Ref Elder Wood)  Been watching since 2013 and this has come so far in such a short time.  Every year you amaze me.  This is one of the best runs I've seen in such a long time.  Keep it up, every one of you!  Kill the cows!  Save the Animals!  ...wait.  Oh, whatever.
much praise and many thanks to the Diablo2 speed running community!

these dollas go towards murdering the bovine :D
First gdq and thanks to mrllamasc for bringing me here. Happy to support such a worthy cause. Been looking forward to this run all week. Oh and moo moo moo, moo moo moo, moooooooooooo!
I'm waiting for you
To Muh or not to Muh, That is the question
The Dread Thicket is now always 50%
Goodluck in the Diablo run. Also go team Instinct, team mythic and valor are inferior. 
Please don't read this out loud this is a test
I used to play Diablo 2 so much that I dreamt every night that I was in the game. So one day I fell asleep on the bus, and just woke up a second before my stop. When I stepped off the bus I was like; now I'm gonna leap all the way home. Still a bit sleepy :) think I had a problem!
Awesome to see this game. One of my absolute favorites, I probably spent over 10k hours on it, exploring every nook and cranny. With love from Sweden, keep fighting the good fight Mr Llama! You are an absolute legend!
Been looking forward to mr llama run diabo all week! Melt the monsters and be sure to save the barbarians!
There is no cow level
Bring the drama llama :) keep bringing on the speed and make those cows cry. Hoping to hear some highly realistic mooing soon. Mooooooooooooooooooooooo
Also shoutout to my friend jaxum on the couch.  Have a safe trip back home and give me a moo lol.
I'm donating, because my wife told me she wants to see cow level. But Cow level is a lie. 

P.S. Moo, i said Moo!
Thanks to all the runners and volunteers and staffers and everybody else for a wonderfully entertaining SGDQ.
Loving the Druid speed run, having grown up with the original Diablo!

I'll put $25 towards the Cow Level, but I don't understand...There is no cow level! Huh? Cheat Enabled? Did I just invalidate the run? Keep going before they stop you!
Had to donate during the greatest game of all time. Prove starcraft wrong! There is a cow level! And may the mf ever be in your favor.
Mooooo
That is all
Good Luck Llama! Lets kill some cows and know the Llama army is always behind you. 
Looking for Baal?
I have to save the animals myself.
Donating from behind the couch! Put this money towards the Diablo 3 blindfolded run...  wait that'a not an incentive? Fine then, put this towards  the pokemon blue bonus run
Thank you for this wonderful event and showing how incredibly fast these awesome games can be played. Lets replace Waluigis "Waah" from yesterday with some nice "Moo's". Good luck for all the runners!
Come on Llama, RNG HYPE!

Great run so far, great SGDQ overall. If this gets read, I'll donate another $30 :)

Kill the animals, save the frames!
I spent so much time watching these GDQs on YT that I promised myself, if I ever catch it live I will donate. Thank you for doing this.

I still have no idea what this killing/saving animal is about, so ... yea kill them.
HI!
No cow level? But we are no cow-ards! 
Ive always enjoyed playing Diablo 2 but one thing I wish they did was make the "six" not look like a "five" anyways though still a great game. Cow level hype!
First GDQ I've come to in person and it has been INCREDIBLE. I have never waluigi waaaaaaahhhh 'd so many times in my life. Half to Pokemon blue, half to Moo and thanks to everyone involved with this amazing event! Waaaaaaahhhh!
For Jaxum and Krono Cobalt. Llama Army Hype! Put this towards Cow level. Also, save the babas!
let's kill some cows. Good luck to Mrllama.

 Also ryu is a legend. Hype Hype Hype hype hype.
Hey people, I hope this gets read during MrLlamaSC's amazing run.

I wanted to say that I'm glad this run is happening on Saturday, so I can watch and I don't have to work, work, work, work, work, work.
Don't wanna have to work, work, work, work, work, work.
#UnexpectedRihannaHype! #Rah!
I propose a toast to all the tasty beef that will be slaughtered in the stead of all the violence done to my Pork-kin by these malicious beast of burden. 

HEAR HEAR!
good luck with the diablo run! great game, great cause! thanks to the whole crew, you are doing an amazing job!
Thanks for making me install the game again and want to play Druid. BEAR SCHOOL!
There is no cow level??! I am not a-Moo-sed. There has to be a cow level. Moo-ve the llama to the cow level. We can't have "Druid-dors Without Utters." WIthout a cow level this would be terri-bull.
"It's dangerous to go alone, so stay a while and listen..."
Well, no thanks! This year it's time to KILL THE SAVES and FRAME THE ANIMALS!
*Dabs *

Hello from @1mCreative !  Much love for you guys. 
Diablo 2 was  my favorite run at last AGDQ and was looking forward to it again here. Shoutouts to Mr. Llama for showing off this great speedrun, Putting this towards the cow level.
Oh, we're still that far away from seeing the moomoos, here's a bit more for it.
Hardcore Hell Barbarian run at AGDQ 2017?
As a doctor, I have incredible respect for the nurses, docs, midwives, and other staff who work with MSF to provide care in places with virtually no resources. As a gamer, I have incredible respect for the runners who shatter my childhood dreams for charity. Llama, good luck ruining my all-time favorite game - and kill some cows.
What cow level? Never heard of it...
Cow level, let's do it!! Mooooooooo!!
You have been muted for disclosing fishing secrets.
Good luck on the run Llama! Kill the cow king and steal his milk, er, i mean his stamina potions (those stack, right?)
Third year watching GDQ, second year donating. Always been a fan of speedrunning and all of the games run this week. You guys are geat and I put it towards save the animals cause FrankerZ doesn't deserve death. Sorry if my last name is hard to pronounce, an extra 10 if the announcer can pronounce it correctly
I spent thousands of hours in this game. Trying to perfect my frenzy barbarian because I despised whirlwind barbs at the time. So many memories right now. Let's get that cow level!
Amazing event, guys! Keep the up with good work.  Here's $10 to that Pokémon Blue bonus run.
Kill the animals, kill them all!
Donating to see an epic Llama vs cow showdown!  Let's kill those moo moos and have delicious BBQ! 
Diablo II run?  I'll stay a while and listen.
Kill the cows
Mooooo!
I was going to make a pun but i'm such a coward.
Can't not have the cow level. Cow level best level.
Here's the beef!  Thanks GDQ!
Thank you to Mrllamasc  for running this game. Diablo 2 is one of my favorite games of all time, in fact I was so addicted to it in my youth that I almost failed the 9th grade cause I couldn't stop playing it. Stone Of Jordan you give?
I want to see some beef fry.  Let's show em the cow level isn't a lie. MOOOOO!!
There is no secret cow le... wait... do you hear that? *MOO*
Let's go cow level! Also if you find an soj,
I will donate another tarnhelm to gdq.
Cow Level Hype!
Go Cow level
D2 LOD run is finally here.
I looked forward the whole week for it.
It is still the greatest game ever.
Kill the cows!
so glad i got to see at least the start of Mrllama's run, much love and hype for the D2 community. Best of luck. Don't be lewd.
Great job to all the volunteers and runners!  Cheerio.
Diablo is one of my favourite games. Go Lama, kill the cows! Save the animals! Cheers from Hungary.
Long may the Cow King reign! .. until a speedrunner effortlessly seeming bashes through his army and instakills him. GG
i love watching llama run d2.  nothing beats watching someone destroy a game you spent 12 years of your life playing. ty for the entertainment.
Gotta get that cow level!
Hopefully MrLlamaSC sees this, but shoutouts one of the kings of speed from the Diablo II Bnet Twitch community. We're cheering for you LEGEND! Never stop being AMAZING dude! 
Loving the diablo 2 run. Not the assassin, the one true class, but still a treat. Let's make this a staple of GDQ
Hi Mr Lama wish you the best for your run first donating to SGDQ where will be Jaxum  donation if you know what i mean
KIll the cows and the animals
Mr. Llama said "Let there be cows." And behold, the bovine commeth.
Thank everyone so much for bringing their talents for this amazing cause that effects so many people. I wish I had more money to donate, but I have tried to get the word out there for this event to raise awareness and to show off what a crazy community this is. My money goes towards saving Cain, I know it's all about speed but you should stay a while and listen. Good luck and take down Taco Baal
Llama Drama hype! We're all gathered up to cheer you on. Good luck with the run and try not to get bummed out in the area of the tower where I killed you.
Good luck on the run, and destroy them cows!
My kids told me to save the animals and I have no idea what this means...but Doctors Without Borders  ROCKS!!
Shout outs to Teo, RyuQuezacotl and Uncapable! Really jealous of Krono and Jaxam right now! Good luck MrLlama, sub 1:30. Let's keep the D2 runs going at GDQ. Let's build a MILLION DOLLARS, hype hype hype!
Coming from the llama army good luck on the run waiting for that 5th way
Drama Llama hype!

Good luck Mr. Llama, you are my favourite runner and I really enjoy watching your escapades.  Get them Runes! Also save the animals, for Alice.
STAMINA POTS STACK?!?!? Had to donate to my favorite game being run by one of my favorite runners. Here is 20 towards the Moo Moo Farm. Ill donate another 20$ if you save the barbs!  Good Luck with the run MrLlama
Love what you guys do, thanks to the crew, all the runners for showing off their skills and the community for being so generous. GG guys! 
Hi! Two days ago was my sixteenth birthday, but I wanted to wait until Diablo to donate! I'm giving all my savings from the past year to a great cause. Thanks to GDQ for such a great event. Oh, and if anyone from Blizzard is watching, if you ever need *cough* help *cough* with "testing" Overwatch hit me up @hero3248 on Twitter! Oh, and save the animals!
Lost an online buddy to cancer, who i played with for many years. Thanks to all the people who make an event like this possible - Donators, Runners and especially the GDQ Team. In memory of David aka Tharron
Happy Hunting! keep doing this, it's awesome.
Awesome event as always! I want to thank MrLlama for explaining whats happening during the run. 

Remember not to kill the Cow King.


I have been watching for a few years and love to see my favorite game of all time. Diablo 2: Lord of Destruction. MOO HYPE.
Thanks for the great runs SGDQ!
My wife and I took a week of work to watch and thoroughly enjoying it! A big well done to all runners! Moo, Moo Moo.
[FR] Thx for all these runs, great cause, and great organizations. 800K donations is amazing, go on people !! Hi from France, OmeletteDuFromage for ever !
SGDQ is the best. All of my money to RedLuigi.
been waiting all stream for this run! i've been a fan of mrllama since his agdq run, i love his commentary and i'm super excited! put this towards cows!
Had to donate during my favorite streamer's run of Diablo 2. First way arcane hype and may the RNJesus be with you Mrllama.
C'mon guys. This isn't Starcraft. "There is no cow level" would be a very sad statement to hear. 

Those of you who are predisposed to killing animals, might I remind you that cows are animals, and also need killing.
Glad to see druid getting some love. Played druid exclusively myself, enjoying the run. Keep up the good work. Stay a while and listen.
We need more cow level! Go, MrLlamaSC, go!
I'm currently grinding Diablo 3 which sadly was NOT made by blizzard by Grinding Gear Games instead, if you know what I mean...

loving the run as Diablo 2 was my jam back in the day!
Save those frames!
Want to give a huge shoutout to the AV Crew.  These invisible warriors of the entertainment industry simply never get enough love, so as a fellow Techie, I find it is my duty to offer it wherever I can.  Can we get some Techie HYPE! from the crowd?  Much appreciated, and of course, this donation goes to the crews choice.
Thanks to all the runners for donating their time and talents for such a wonderful cause. $50 toward the Pokemon Blue run because that's where it all started for me 20 years ago. Who knew it would have led to me wandering around in parking lots with a phone. How far we've come!(?)
Hi everyone at SGDQ.
Greetings from Germany.
I'm a third time watcher and second time donator and I love everything you have done. Radix's now classic Metroid Prime 1:37 h run is what drew me to the speedrun scene and I have enjoyed to watch speedruns ever since, even attempting some on my own.
I love the fact that events like SGDQ and AGDQ exist and not only provide me and others with a lot of fun for a whole week but also give me and others an easy opportunity to donate money to a good cause. I'm looking forward to what you are doing in the future and will surely support you all the way.

I wish all the remaining runners lots of luck.

Please put half of this donation towards killing the animals and the other half towards the best kind of taste (namely the Demon Chocobo).

Thank you all and have a tremendous final day of SGDQ 2016!
Pokemon Go may be out and distracting me, but I definitely want to see the reverse badge order happen.
Love the GDQ events, they're great entertainment for a great cause. Pokemon Blue was my first Pokemon game, so let's get that bonus run. Also, kill the animals.
Love Diablo 2
Let's kill some Cows, MOOOOOO !
What a great SGDQ this has been. Legendary Jak and Daxter run, and I'm sure the Forest Maze theme will be stuck in my head again after Super Mario RPG tonight.
Had to donate during D2. It was one of my first computer games as a kid, and used an imbued Wirt's Leg as my main weapon for my first play-through. It was terrible.
My money goes to killing the animals. Zebes is a garbage planet, and those nerds had it coming. Kappa
Mr. Llama, I just moved after graduating college and wanted to thank you for your speed runs. They helped me relax after a lot of studying. Glad you are here again supporting a great cause. Save the animals and YOU CANNOT JUDGE ME!!
We need more pokemans this week!
This is my forth year watching and its been a blast as always.  As always kill the animals.
Thanks you so much to everyone at sqdg for organizing and participating in this event! SQDQ rune drop luck? maybe? Llama Love. 10 more dollars if the announcer can do his best deckard cain impression ->"Stay a while and listen"
[Cow voice:]  MOOOVE OVER COWS! It's Diablo time! It's remoookable the generosity of viewers and the runners mooooving so quickly! Always glad to donate to this great cause. Looking forward to the Final Fantasy 6 run today. Good luck runners. :)

COW HYYYYYYPE!


I sense a soul in search of hypehypehypehypehypehype
SO many years spent of my childhood on Diablo 2, so just have to donate again!

Ps. Save the animals in moooooo style!
Thank you for putting on a great SGDQ, for a great cause and lets save those animals.
For my favorite PC Game ever, thanks for the nostalgia!
Rakanishu!
Teo Shrine Hype!  Good luck on the run MrLlama!
Really hyped about MrLlama d2 run! Hope the chainmail wasnt a problem through customs this year :D Keep up the good D2 work and good SGDQ gaming!! Llama army in the chat!
Hi! I guess I'll keep donating until you read one of my donations. This is my third donation.

Great work with the speedruns! I especially liked the Dishonored, Tetris, Skyrim & Fallout 4 runs. But all of you are doing a great job for a very good cause! Keep it up speedrunners & staff! :)
Who is that big llama? Starting all this Drama?
Make sure you turn on the Teo hacks for the first way hype!
RU RU RU RU RU RU
Let's take a trip to moo moo farm!
Diablo 2 was my childhood, baal runs and creating runewords all day, every day
Greetings from sunny Norway.  Nothing beats sitting inside watching one of my favorite games of all time !
You have to kill those evil cows. Also really excited for this run.
Been waiting this whole week for the Diablo 2 and Final Fantasy speed runs. As is tradition, the last day should be reserved for Brossentia puns. Hey Brossentia. What do you call a bunch of doctors stuck in Aperature Labs. Doctors without....cake
Just want to see the Pokemon run.
Portable Atrocities: Must Be Encapsulated En Masse 
My husband introduced me to GDQ and now I'm hooked! What a great event. I'm so excited for the Diablo 2 run. I NEED to see the secret cow level! Also I've been dying to save the animals!
Furyfire here. I told ya I would throw a donation at ya.

Wishing you the best of luck during Tower, and a hoping you get a 1st path Arcane. Don't let Teo shame you for every path you will inevitability make in Arcane Sanctuary. Besides, taking all 4 paths is almost a part of every run you take now, because we always need more Drama.

Donating towards the amazing Cow Level.
I just started watching the blindfolded run of Symphony of the Night on VOD and it's crazy.  Good luck to the rest of the runners.  Put this towards RedLuigi
Lots of Llama love! I can't believe I get the opportunity to see you play this at SGDQ. Not even death can save them from you! May RNGesus stay forever in your favor, and LLAMA HYPE!
I love you guys
Moo?
[GER] A little Donation! and Thanks to the Germench team
Eine kleine Spende und danke an das Tolle Germench team
Come on RNG lets make this a good one Diablo 2 hype !!!
We need more cowbell!
Hoi hoi naa!
Moo moo, moo-moo moo moo? MOO MOO MOO!
I have beef with D2, so I'll udder these words: Steer yourself to the cow level, let's milk this run for as much enjoyment as possible
Just got paid, so I figured I'd donate again. Let's make Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges happen! And is it too early to start the million hype?
Always save Cain. I can't belive they killed him.  HYPE!
Woohoo Cow Level let's do it boiiisss!

Mr Llama Love!
Pour la bonne cause!
SGDQ is such an awesome event I have to donate, so this is my modest contribution to Doctors Without Borders.
Keep up the good work!
Cheers from France
Here's 20 dollars to a great cause. Love what you're doing here,so kill the animals.
Awesome show!

Let's see some Pokémon Blue.
As always another great GDQ.  Hats off to the wonderful production staff putting in the work this entire week.  Keep it up
Hey Mr.Llama,

I've been hooked on your hell runs on youtube, good luck on 1st way arcane  sanctuary!
Des Bisous!
Good luck with the run MrLlama, I didn't sleep in so I get to catch your whole run this year. Last year I got to catch about 15 minutes because of work. Chainmail Hype!
Donation is towards the cow level.
Shout outs to everyone working behind the scenes, the unsung heroes are the real heroes, keep up the great work.
Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo
Please dont read this message
#butts
I watch you from France every year. Thank you all for this event ! I wish you a lot of donation !
Stay Awhile and Listen. Save the guy, kill the cows.
"No comment"
Happy Llama, sad Llama,  mentally disturbed Llama,  super Llama, drama Llama, big fat mama Llama Llama, Llama, Llama, who is this big Llama? It is great to see  you at another GDQ Mr.Llama. Good luck man and save those Barbs! Chain mail HYPE!!
I can't think of anything clever.
Cow Pun
Typing of the dead was amazing! Now for some more MOO MOO MOO MOOOOOOOO!
Greeting from Finland, show those Amuusing Cows MuuMuuuMuuu
Go for the cow level! Muh!
Had to wait to donate during Diablo II, a game I could never beat as a kid because I was too scared, and finally just beat for the first time last month.
Thanks MrLlama, for  teaching me how to beat Diablo and introducing me to the amazing speedrunning community. 
Greetings from France. Long time watcher, first time donator. Shout out to my sister Lilathia which should also be watching this run. Pokémon Blue reverse HYYYYPE
Moooooo. Good luck Kappa. 

Just a bit more for that cow level.
This is my third year watching GDQ its always so much fun. thanks to all the runners and staff that made this possible.

also... Save the animals
Mooooooo.
Love the event as always! 
Can we get another MOO MOO MOO pl0x? :D
I had to donate during the Diablo 2 run for one of my favourite games of all time.
Its great to see fellow gamers putting their skill to use for such a good cause.

also !bet 50 first way

good luck MrLlama
Never gonna give you up
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
Hey Guys,

this week was again a blast. Thanks to all who make this event possible and kill the animals. Sorry PETA.
[FR] nice sgdq ^^
Thanks for the entertainment
First time donator I had to donate since DII is just the greatest game ever! Save Cain, frames and the animals, Kill Diablo!
Good luck with your run, MrLlamaSC! May RNGesus have mercy with you.
Awesome event like every GDQ !
Shoutouts to the humble bundle deal which I picked up earlier this week.  Here is another $50 for a great cause and for all the hard work put in to run this event.
Shoutouts to MrLlama. Like I said to you before Llama, best of luck on the run and don't scrub it up (no pressure). Money goes to runner's choice.
Kill the cows!
Moo?
MOO!
Hey everyone
Second event I am able to donate - I hope MrLlama will entertain you enough so we can get back for a race on AGDQ 2017. ;)

Hope you get a little better luck on this run then last time Llama!

Donating 5$ of shame for each death / path he needs in the arcane sanctuary after the run.

Mooooooooo HYPE!
We have a 10$ Donation from Anonymous. Thank you!
Needs more cow level! Mooooooo! <3
Please put this money towards making that cow level happen! I've killed quite a number of cows back in my day but my boyfriend still thinks its a lie.. Moo!
Greetings from Germany!
Second time watching live, first time donating.
Looking forward the whole week for the Diablo 2 run.
Kill the cows and Deckard!
Steaks are delicious!
First time donating, here's to hoping this gets read during MrLlamaSCs Diablo 2 speedrun!

Love watching MrLlamaSC run this awesome game, and ruin my childhood at the same time! Also, betting 100dollah llamas on fourthway! 

Workworkwork durrdurrdurr
Hey, French Guy here, not donaiting as much as previous GDQs, (kinda short on money) but still i want to participate in those great events.

Keep doing great runs.
Thanks in advance to MrLlamaSC for playing Druid which is clearly the best class. :)

This one goes to MORE COWBELL. Or at least cow.
Just a quick thanks to all involve in this great even.
Heya SGDQ, love from mistermv and the French restream. Amazing event as always, and always looking better. Thanks for your incredible involvement and action.
What a MOOvelous occasion!
Congratulations to all the runers for the aMOOzing runs.
Thanks for the awesome event!
Cows must die !
So hype to see the D2 run. Here's something for the cow level. It's sure to be a moooooving experience!
You choke me, imitation milk. 
Put this toward saving the humanized pets.
Great event as always, keep up the good work!
I'm sorry I can't give more, but I've been a long time watcher and I can't not donate. Thank you to all the runners and crew at Games Done Quick for such an awesome entertainement
Been waiting until today to get my donation in so we don't miss an awesome bonus incentive. Pokemon Blue, here we come!
I still can't believe that Pepsiman is a thing...
Always enjoy GDQ events, unfortunately had to work during most of the great runs this week. Keep up the good work that you do and put my money to the cows. Moo moo.....mooooooooo.
Been watching for a few years, felt it's time to make my first donation.  Loving this Typing of the Dead run. Let's get some hype going!
It's too late. The animals have all been infected. They may look fine now, but it's a matter of time before they turn into the undead. All the animals must be purged! 

Typing of the dead? PogChamp
Excited for the Pokemon Red run today! Here's hoping for a Pokemon Go speed run next year! Cheers~!
GDQ always has some games I never would have thought existed, and Typing of the Dead exemplifies that sentiment for sure.
muuu muuu muu
Peaches! First you wreck Rumble and now this game. Good luck on the run! What kind of keyboard are you using?
This is my third year watching, but the first time I've been able to donate.  Typing of the Dead is one of the goofiest games I've ever played, but that doesn't stop me from loving it!  I've never seen it as a speedrun before, so this is a treat.  Thank you to the entire SGDQ crew and all the runners for making this possible.
How fast do you type????
Thank you for so much for the great entertainment and all your effort supporting Doctors Without Borders. 
Kill the zombies, save the animals!
THERE IS NO COW LEVEL !ultimate moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Kinda sad I missed Caleb Harts X3 run but I'm gonna make the most of it by looking forward to SMRPG and Super Metroid, money goes toward killing those damn animals 
Loved watching you do these amazing speedruns the whole week.

Moo, moomoo moo    moooo.
Hey everybody,

Gazmenark here. I want to thank you for another great event. PS: Kill the animals.
Long time watcher, first time donator. Thanks for all hard work and entertainment. I love watching these events every year and look forward to the next one.
Typing of the Dead has the whole twitch chat joining! Why did I fall for a Frenchman!
Donating for Pokémon Blue! But seriously loving typing of the dead.  Be happy and get fat! Indomitable Resolve. Sorbetti on gelati.

Love watching when I can!
Thanks for the great event. Been following for a few years, but first time watching it live. The RBA run of Pokémon Blue must go through
Pokemon are red,
Pokemon are blue,
gen one is the worst,
just my opinion; don't sue.
Just a friendly reminder that this Pokemon Red Glitchless race is brought to you in part by memebig.net!

Also, let's make this Pokemon Blue Reverse Badge Acquisition run happen!
Moo Moo Moo Moo!
here is some money for the Secret Cow Level.....and for saving the animals, except the cows. Awesome Event as always. Keep up the good work!
I never heard of this version of Magis Beacon, but it's pretty exciting.

Love reverse runs so donating for Pokemon. What's the incentive for FF6 reverse boss order?
I shouldn't have waited this long to finally make a donation to this marathon, otherwise I would offer more. Next time I'll do better on my part. Hope this $25 bid helps. 
well done everyone :)
Hi :)
Kill the animals
I want that pokemon run.
Thanks for making a very relaxing week one of excitement and dedication! Thanks to all the runners and volunteers this week and I hope everyone gets home safely after SGDQ. Please put my money toward the reverse badge Pokemon run! Oh and save the animals! #sgdq2016hypefromaustralia 
I got this game two summer sales ago. Wathching it being run, maybe I should play it myself finally. 
Oh, and save the animals. 
Never knew you could speedrun a Learn-how-to-type tool! Put this to runners choice.
Always happy to see peaches, I've been a fan since I first saw him playing Blast Corps and Mischief Makers.  Donation goes to peaches' choice.
Suffer like G did
this is not a game for dyslexics
donation to runners choice
What is this man's typing speed??? Golly gee!  
why did the cow jump over the moooon? it wanted a high steak venture well done. ;P
G Noooo!
Please, PLEASE, save the poor, innocent frames from those vicious animals!
Typing of the dead gets the whole Twitch chat to participate! What fun!

Please save the animals
Another donation to point out that, despite the big dictionary, we had "humanized pets" twice. We should really save the animals!
Donation counter was stuck
Typing of the Dead is such a great game. Thank you for playing it, Peaches!
Diablo 2, one of the most important games of my childhood so I just had to donate! Go get em cows!
Always a joy watching Peaches destroy games at events like this!
Grate work everyone I need more SGDQ My money go's to  Secret  Cow level and getting Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges lets get  them met!!!!!!
Love watching every year, thanks to everyone who keeps this going, all the way from South Africa
I am disappointed I missed most of SGDQ due to  work and moving, but hoping to catch the end of it. My grandpa passed away this year. He was a man of charity and love, which I feel is everything GDQ stands for. In his memory, here is $50.

Also, here is a little poem for you all: Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. Waluigi number one. WEEEEEEH
Mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.
Twitch chat great.
Another $10 as I want to see the pokemon blue run but this is all I can afford
Thanks for playing Aladdin, the nostalgia was awesome. Loved the singing also. Just discovered you guys and loving every moment. This goes towards the reverse badge run. From Australia!!! 
Cheers!
GL Mrllama! Sorry I couldn't be there.  Actually can't watch the run either. FeelsBadMan. But listen, you're an inspiration and a legend. Thanks for taking me in. I will never forget it. Finish strong! Hype hype hype hype hype! NO U!
Shout out to the tech crew for the sharp and crisp video output from these old analog-only consoles.  Put this to tech crew's choice.
Thank you all for creating this awesome event. Thanks to the GDQ Crew, the sponsors, all the donators and, of course, the runners.  I love to see how gamers around the world collect money for a great cause while enjoying all the very entertaining speedruns.

Money goes to the Pokemon Bonus Run!
Hey, Peaches_!   Good to see Typing of the Dead made it back to GDQ.  I don't know if you've been keeping up with it, but Typing game leaderboards have been active lately.  And while you may be the Peaches in Peaches-and-cream, 
[Macho Man Randy Savage Voice] The crreeeaammm will rise to the top!"  And it has!  A new champion has been crowned, so how 'bout you, me, and Narwhal_Prime, wherever you are, all get together in January for an AGDQ grudge match with the title belt on the line?  I'll be waiting!  *drop mic*
From Western PA, kill the animals, save the frames!
I've been having a blast this week thanks to you guys! Love the effort you put every year to make this marathon possible, and for a noble cause.
What's this nonsense about killing the animals I'm hearing? That's how you repay those cute little creatures?
Let's save them instead!

Greetings from Argentina, love you all <3
Final Fantasy 6 is a game that is so special to me - certainly the best Final Fantasy in existence. Can't wait to see you guys plough throo that masterpiece.

I'll give huge props to anyone who can imitate Kefka's laugh!

Spay the animals ! Shave the frames !
OMG   finally  peaches__   my favorite  speedrunner by far!!!!!!!!!!  please do more speedruns   HYPED maybe more youtubes????  
Hey 18 SPIKES! Lets have a hot tub party again sometime with Grimace. 
Here is my contribution to this fantastic event. I'm really hyped after all the great runs today. Good luck to all the remaining runners!
Cash cow for the cow level!
As I write this comment I am typing off the attacks of at least six undead creatures. Money goes to Runner's Choice if he tells us his favorite breed of dog.
Kill or Save Deckard Cain... we have to save him. Without him there is no Diablo 3..... on second thought let him die. Kill Deckard Cain!!!
Shoutouts to Peaches, the Typeracing Heavyweight Champion of the World.  When's Dogathon 2 starring Reggie???  Much love from your friend Tyrone.
One of my zombie friends failed his first driver's test last weekend.
Do you want to know why he failed?
He left his foot on the gas.
This is P.E.T.A.!
We're here to save the animals! To Save them! 
and people too... I guess
This is for pokemon blue. You're my boy blue! 
My money goes towards the reverse Pokemon Blue run! Definitely something we'd all love to see.
Let's make Reverse Badge Order happen
I loved playing Diablo 2 with my Dad growing up and I want to see that cow level. Moo!
I said I would so here ya go. 25 for the figure eight donation and 1 dollar for the blizzard drop amounts. More money towards good taste.
Moo moo moo, moo moo moo, Moo!
Love the work that you guys do with gdq.  Always willing to donate to such an incredible cause. Also, save the animals or my girlfriend will kill me.
Always a joy to watch games from my childhood getting destroyed in such imaginative ways. Remember save the animals so that one day they can save you. Keep up the great work everyone!
Kill them all! and great job on the Alladin lo% run! The first game I played real hard as a child!
Retroid Interactive from Sweden here,  love all the speed runs so far!  My donation goes to pokemon blue reverse badge run (what?) and if possible, save the animals. 
Thanks for all the great runs this year.  The Mario Maker race yesterday was thrilling.
I've been watching GDQs for years and make sure to donate each event but I just realized I hadn't made my donation this year yet! How time gets away from you when you're watching amazing runs. You all are just amazing so keep it up.
Can I get a quarter pounder with cheese, a medium fry, and a small vanilla shake.  Thanks, you too.
Love this event every time it comes around.  The commentary and runners are extremely top-notch. 
More singing, please.
Loving this event. Please save Cain.
Second time  donating,  always love the bi-annual GDQ streams and  will keep supporting the cause!  Thank you to everyone who does their part.
Here are ny 5 bucks for the million.
Comon guys lets hit it today
Easiest donation I ever made.  Kill the animals!
Loving this event! Best week ever. Thanks for all the great entertainment.
Yes, they deserve to die, and I hope they burn in hell! Kill the animals!
Thanks to everbody who makes SGDQ possible. The last few days were just perfect! Keep up the good work and save the animals.
Love the work you guys do.  Always willing to donate to such an incredible event. And also, save the animals or my girlfriend will kill me.
"This is the easiest game I have ever played"
"Famous last words"
This is for singing a Whole New World - that was beautiful :3
Help! I'm a donation and I feel lonely! Come join me and let's kill those animals together!
Had to donate for that beautiful voice. My heart is swooning. <3
Hey clear the way in the ol' bazaar
Hey you! Let us through-
it's a bright new star
Oh come be the first on your block to meet his eye!
Make way!
Here he comes!
Ring bells!
Bang the drums!
Ah! You're gonna love this guy!

Prince Ali - fabulous he - Ali Ababwa
Genuflect, show some respect:
Down on one knee.
Now try your best to stay calm,
Brush up your Sunday salaam,
Then come and meet his spectacular coterie!
I've probably spent to much time watching speedruns and GDQ's  b ut yet I've never heard about a reversed badges run. So get your donations in, I definitly wanna see this run!
btw. good job, keep up the great work and we're gonna hit that 1 million  mark. 
Commentator's choice, but only if you sing

Last night I held Aladdin's lamp
And so I wished that I could stay
Before the thing could answer me
Well, someone came and took the lamp away
I looked around, a lousy candle's all I found

Well, you don't know what we can find
Why don't you come with me little girl
On a magic carpet ride
Well, you don't know what we can see
Why don't you tell your dreams to me
Fantasy will set you free
Close your eyes girl
Look inside girl
Let the sound take you away

Donating to prove Starcraft was wrong. Llama Army Hype!
I had to donate again due to the great singing on stage. Loved it!! Thanks for that! Both of the singer's choice. 50/50 split
Hi from France !  Lets help les médecins sans frontières , and throw these 50 bucks to get the cow level !
BTW Beautiful voice on aladdin's race
Here is some money for singing my favorite disney song! Donation goes to singers choice. 
A Whole New World!!!
Can't donate as much as I can but if everyone put in at least 5 dollars right now we could make a new SGDQ record!  Come on guys! It'll make SpikeVegeta HAPPY! 
Ok, have to give more after that beautiful rendition of Whole New World!  The voice of an angel..and I still want to save the animals!
Budgeted just a little more to donate because the singing this year genuinely impressed me. Congrats to singers, runners and good luck to those still to run!
Just for that beautiful singing a whole new world
This is the easiest game I ever watched in my entire life
First time watching live, and first time donating. As a first time watcher and donator I feel like I have to say "Kill the animals"!
Ah Aladdin, takes me back, but why SNES? Aladdin on MegaDrive, or better yet, the electronic handheld by Tiger for the win!  
First time donating to GDQ, this donation goes from one Doc to many others!
Can't wait for Pokemon! 
Easiest donation I've ever made.
Greetings from Finland! Don't have much, but put this on Pokemon Blue! Go go Pokemon! And good luck all the runners!
The Bear Vs. Man Cast would like to donate 10 dollars to inch Pokemon Blue reverse badges closer to being met. Pokemon is cool.
You guys are amazing!  Save the Animals!
Good fun for a great cause! Huge thanks to everyone in both front of the camera and behind the scenes who make GDQ happen. 
So good to see Ribbedkilla, the most technical runner, running again

Kill the animals, kill the anime
Hi from France !

Loving the event so far and had to donate for this awesome cause.

I hope everyone is enjoying themselves because I sure am !

Donation goes to runner choice.
Great runs so far! Putting this towards the  Pokémon Blue Reverse Badge Order run because more Pokémon is never a bad thing.
Knock knock
Who is there?
The interupting cow!
The interu
MOOOOO!!!

Thanks everyone for an awesome event as usual!
Loving this Aladdin run!  Donating to save the animals, unless it's Abu.  Kill Abu.
Good luck, Patty. Show us that god gamer swag.
Hey GDQ! 2nd year I follow you, and 2nd year donating. Thx for the great work you're doing. I teach and promote you in my class in Beijing. Still a lot of work before converting them to the speedrun.

Keep up the good work, and a big Hype for saving the animals!
Sorry that I can't give more this year, but I'll give whatever I can to get more Pokemon in GDQ! Thanks for everything you do and as always I'm impressed by all the runners.  Also, Frames > Animals every time!
Thanks for the entertainment! I stopped lurking to try to get this reverse blue run. HYYYYYYYYPE
Donating to remind everyone that we're halfway to reaching the Pokémon Blue Reverse Badges run! Everyone go donate donate donate!!
For pokemon bonus!
Thanks for all of the great runs everyone! Please put this toward the hosts choice!
Great runners and a greater cause. Let's buck the trend and save some animals!
Kill the animals? I agree, cows are animals too. Lets go kill some cows!
A Pokemon Blue Backwards Badges Run? Sign me Up! It's Pokemon's 20th Anniversary - double Pokemon is only right. Let's get some HYPE going and raise that money for another awesome run!
I love this SGDQ, i like all of you, thank's for this amazing week and show us more worlds records ! You are the best guys.
Twitter : @polkiol
Jeu en cours : Aladdin
This is my first SGDQ, and man am I blown away by how much fun I'm having, as well as everyone's generosity! I'd love to see that Pokémon Blue reverse badge order run later, so this goes to that. This isn't much, but every little bit helps.  Also shout out to my boy PCULL44444, who got me into this!
Can pcull do this?
Can Countdown do that?
Can Ribbedkilla pull this out his little hat?
Mr. Runners sirs, here is a donation
You ain't never had a donation like this.
Shout-out to my boy RibbedKilla.  Pull off those technical moves and win the race!  I'll donate another $50 if you win and an additional $50 if you do the wop at the end of the race!
Well, you don't know what we can find
When we go with Patty, Ribbedkilla, and Countdown
On a magic carpet ride

Good luck, have fun!
Good luck to all the runners. Let us save the animals!
And remember: Onodera best girl Kappa
Been watching GDQ events for a while now, first time donating to see that pokemon in reserve run, every bit helps right?
First time donation, but I love what you guys do. Deckard Cain is a staple of my childhood, so let's save him!
I already donated, but i just have to see the pokemon reverse run. Also prince ali fabulous he  Ali Ababwa Genuflect, show some respect: Down on one knee!
$5 per person? Why not pitch in on that and do it for that Reverse Blue run.
Been really enjoying this gdq, thanks to all the runners for their hard work and dedication and thanks to gdq and all the sponsors for putting on this great event for a great cause.
Just finished watching this amazing Bonesaw run. Unfortunately I didn't catch it live. I am curious whether the restreams had as much fun as you guys had. Keep up the great work and good luck to the rest of the runners. 
Can't wait to hear those beautiful voices for the Aladdin duet.
having so much fun watching the runs. actually had permission from my boss to watch agdq at the office all week so i've seen a lot! good luck to the upcoming runners!
5 for cows, 5 for reverse badges,and 5 to kill the animals.All as the demon chocobo wills it. and my 5 to bring him to life.

Demon Chocobo hail all!!!
open cow plz
The cow level is a lie
Hey Patty, RibbedKilla and Countdown.  Good luck speedwalking Aladdin.  May the "WUH" be with you.

(Winner's choice)
First time donator. Love the event! You are doing an amazing job! Greetings from Germany
Thanks SGDQ for the week of entertainment and for a good cause. Shout outs to my boy, Pcull! Let get that Palette Swap Glitch met!
What a time to be alive. Love waking up early and staying up late to catch all this. Glad the community can come together for such an awesome cause. Love you, Fam.
Just because SGDQ is always awesome !
it's Meuuuuuuuuuh time !!
Loved Pokemon Red back in the day and all the MissingNo glitches, let's get that bonus Blue run
The end is nigh 
My girlfriend is not a gamer, but love watching gdq with me cause she like what it about. Good job to all runners and staff 
I love Final Fantasy VI but I have to throw this money at the reverse badges in Pokemon Blue. The rest of this marathon is gonna be hype. Good luck runners!
It's not much but I hope we can meet the Pokémon reverse badge order incentive!
Normally would put this on kill the animals, but gotta get that Pokemon run
Thanks for all the amazing work from players,crew and announcers! 
Save the animals but eat the cows!
Heres the beef!
(Kudos to Fez hat in audience, because Fez is awsum)
I love seeing my childhood games mastered, thanks for the great entertainment! Save the animals!
To quote Bonesaw's Jak and Daxter run "you have to watch it right to left". Let's make that incentive for the Pokemon blue reverse badge run!
Amazing event! Good luck to all the runners <3
Hyped about the Aladdin run. I love this event and think that you guys are doing something realy amazing. Sadly I didn't get to watch most of the runs that I wanted to see, well I'll have to watch it all on youtube I guess. good luck to all the runners. The Money goes towards the Pokemon Blue run.
We can make it to a million! Here's another fifty towards the Pokemon Blue run.
C'mon Twitch chat! Let's get this bonus Pokemon run  on the way to $1m!
good luck on your FF: Adventure run Ian

and don't forget your warframe login bonus
Gimme that reverse blue run
5$*5 to help moar :3
We need 5$ each? Well here's 50 to cover another ten people. And let's get that Brokemon Blue run.
Here's 20 dollars to save Deckard Cain! Me and my friend Liam are loving the stream and have lost most of our week to it. Go fast!
Again a wonderful sgdq! Open the red gate and don't kill the cow king! MOOOOOOO
Why hasn't this been funded yet? D:
Hi all, been loving the entertainment SGDQ has given me all week and will continue to give as I go over the VODs for months to come. Preparing myself to watch through the night here Down Under to see the awesome conclusion. Announcer guy has piqued my interest, so put this towards the Pokemon Blue reverse gyms run!
kill the animals
It's not much, but hopefully it will help pave the way to see some cows killed!
I know this is the wrong marathon, but my dad was diagnosed with cancer and has passed away since AGDQ. So these marathons mean even more to me now. A huge thank you to all the runners, tech, and coordinators. You are all awesome. keep it up! 
Stay a while and moooooooo!
This years SGDQ has been lit! you guys do great work! good luck to all the remaining  runners and we love you Yenpa! and Patty i want your Zelda shirt!  Also Save the frames and kill thoses Animals 
Moooo
Important question for Pcul. Why won't you let me into the club? After all that's not what a friend of mine told me. Maybe you recognize him. His name... is Abraham. You don't know him? Maybe you know him two friends: George Washington and... George Washington.
I still remember speculating with my little brother on how awesome Diablo II would be while on a hiking trip in the French Alps, it was literally the only thing we were talking about and it drove my parents nuts! The game is awesome especially the cows!
Moo moo moo. Moo moo. Moo. MOOOOOOO.

Come on everyone lets kill those cows and hear the wonderful voice of the Hell Bovines. 

Thanks to all the runners and staff of this GDQ for making this event an awesome one.

Much Love.
Great effort, keep it up.
I've recieved this is tips last night, so I wanted to send this twards the cause. Thank you again for holding Games done quick, and showing what gamers as a community can do twards MSF

Readers choice.
What's this? A Disney game deviating from the Disney block? I'm in! This goes toward the Pokemon Blue bonus run, because who doesn't want to see that? You all should be so proud. Enjoy the last day of SGDQ!
Backwards, you say?  I am intrigued.
I woke up early because i taught the Diablo run was at 8 this morning. Can't  wait to hear  «mew mew mew mew».  Keep up the good work. This is phenomenal.
Greetings from Germany. It's amazing to see so many people come together for the good cause.
Goot luck to all the runners. Keep doing what you are doing.
This GDQ week has been a blast.  Now lets turn those cows into hamburger.
Here's my $50 for a good cause.
Let's see Pokemon Blue run in reverse
With over 70,000 people watching right now, if everyone donated 5 more dollars we would be over one million. Put my 5 dollars towards that bonus Pokemon Blue run!
I'd put the money into one of the FF6 character names, but they all seem good to me, so here's to pokemon blue instead.

P.S. gen 1 worst gen
First time watching live and first time donating. I haven't been able to watch as much as I would have liked to do, but having the day off work means that I'm going to be able to watch the final stretch and there a a lot of games I'm very excited for. 

Money goes towards the Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges run, lets get it to $50,000!
MOOOOO
Love final Fantasy Adventure!  Can't believe how much of the game you can skip with glitches!  Keep up the great work!
Thank you for the nonstop entertainment and the work everyone has done. I love watching the GDQ events and have enjoyed what I've seen of SGDQ, can't wait to catch up on the VoD's when I finish work  and have some days off!
This is to counter-act the good taste ALL HAIL DEMON CHOCOBO
First time donator, been watching  GDQ on and off since 2014, but have been trying to catch as much of this SGDQ as possible. Always amazed by these runners. Totally hyped for pokemon  and this donation goes towards the reverse pokemon blue run. Also save the animals!
Erick here! Woke up to hearing the speed run and  knew I need to see it, first RPG I got from Game Boy as a kid and proud to beat the game (despite the palm) and find this warp glitch (accidentally :P) , awesome to see that speed run. Thanks SGDQ :B
Moo moo moo moo moo moo. Thanks for everything SGDQ you guys rocks!
Pronounciation of my name is:
y as in yes, e as in pet, n as in no, s as the z in zen.
So, essentially  yehnz

Had to get in another donation for what I knew as Mystic Quest! 
Money goes to runner's choice for bringing to mind my fond memories of the game. 
I never played Final Fantasy Adventure myself but I did play the remake, Sword of Mana. I never knew it was a remake of Final Fantasy Adventure (as I have never heard of it until now) but as soon as I heard the music in Adventure I immediately recognised it as 8-bit versions of the music from Sword of Mana, such a nostalgia trip from my childhood / early teens.

tl;dr: MOO.
I can't believe Aladdin is up again on a GDQ. So much hype! Good luck to all the runners, may JafaRNG be with all of you!
Hey everyone!

After watching over 40 hours of speedruns in the last 3 days ive finally decided to start myself

and with that said kill the animals
diablo gasm
If it wasn't for opus I would have never figured out the palm tree puzzle, kill the animals .
Kill the animals, save the frames. That's kinda the whole point  of speedrunning, isn't it?
Well, you got me with the palm trees.
The Palm tree totally got me as a child. My big brother solved it. A wonderful game, keep it up!
Palm Trees and 8 killed many a run as a child. In the days before the internet, we had no idea what to do. Loving the run and wishing I could donate more. Maybe I'll have the spare cash by AGDQ. This 5 bucks goes to Pokemon Blue.
Here is  the crits I paid for.  Great run so far opus, choose where this money is headed. 
Playing Secret of Mana with two great friends was one of the pinnacles of my childhood. Putting my money on the Pokemon reverse badges because I think a lot of people would want to see that one. Thanks for the awesome event, long time viewer/fan here.
Thank you for reminding me of this game. I really loved it as a kid (it was called Mytic Quest over here) but totally forgot about it. Crazy to see that there are these massive glitches.  In terms of Secret of Mana I remember how my brother and I bonded over this game. We played it for hours and since he is 10 years older then me it wasn't that often that we found a game that we both liked and that I could also play.
Goooood mooooorniiiiing SGDQ!

So great to see FFA being run. It's one of my favorite games from childhood. Very nostalgia. So Gameboy. Wow.

Y'all have a nice rest of the week and good luck to all the runners.

Money goes to Saving the Animals, because have a heart!
Never played this game but looks great! 

Shout outs to OPUS and all the organizers! 

Pokemon Hype! 

Greeting from Germany. 
I remember watching my father play this on a Super Gameboy. In Germany it was actually called Mystic Quest, to make things even more confusing. In our version there was a printed map, which I was reading to navigate for my father. Hearing this music almost brings tears to my eyes. Good luck with the run!
My parents never bought me an NES, but thanks to an uncle I got a Game Boy. Final Fantasy Adventure and the Final Fantasy Legend series were my introduction to RPGs. The music in these always brings me back.
Final Fantasy Adventure was one of my favorite games growing up and I definitely got stuck at the palm trees. Thank you Nintendo Hint Line!
Shout out to family and friend... ... s. Love, Justus.
I love pokemon,so let's make it come true.
Hey there, I love Final Fantasy Adventure, even though my first time through I got stuck with no keys between two key doors and had to replay the game. It was worth it though! My first Mana game was Secret of Mana but I have more fond memories of my time playing co-op Seiken Densetsu 3 on an emulator with a keyboard that only allowed 3 simultaneous key presses.  Good luck with the rest of the run! I'll be taking notes as I'm going to be learning one of the routes for this game over the next year.

Also put this donation towards Pokemon Blue reverse gym.
Three years have passed since I first watched GDQ, but this is my first time donating. Awesome event, keep up the good work. Greetings from Spain!
I  got stuck on the palm tree puzzle also! When I was 9 I had to write to Nintendo Power for answers to that puzzle. 
We've been watching since last year and it's a great cause and great event. Keep it up!
Donation goes to readers choice.
I remember getting stuck at the Palm trees in FFA. I also remember I got stuck without Mattocks and had to restart the game on one occasion.  I played this game so much when I was younger!
I loved this game so much growing up that I preordered Sword of Mana.  Shoutouts to unbearable disappointment.
donated again just because Opus asked. I LOVED this game as a kid, beat it dozens of times. i was hype for this run and it hasn't disappointed so far, keep it up! an extra five bucks if the announcer gets my last name right.
Yep, I got stuck in the palm tree puzzle.
So happy to finally be able to donate after having enjoyed so many GDQ events in the past!
Long time viewer, first time donator.  Go for the cow level and save the frames !
This is awesome
Only in the Diablo 2 block can you see a Llama killing cows.  This incentive needs to be met!
I love pokemon, so let's make it come true.
Hi Guys, greetings from France.Watching AGDQ every year and it's really awesome. Thank you guys for this amazing marathon for a great cause. And of course: Kill the frames, save the animals
First Donation!  Woooo. Anyways pokemon blue reverse badges is something I need to see.
Go opus! Kill the animals... 

You know, the walruses and mammoths.
Moo moo moo moomoo MOOOO
Hey, this is my first donation for anything ever.  Happy running and...
Kill the animals.
Glad to see that Final Fantasy Adventure is getting time during this year's SGDQ. Thanks to all the runners and support staff who make this event a success year after year. Let's all pitch in to help the donation total get well beyond one million. 
Woke up ridiculously early on a weekend to watch the Child Of Light run, so glad to see this game at a GDQ!

Here's 10$ for the awesome SGDQ, it's runners and volunteers alike.
I'm so happy to see FFA run at SGDQ. I find it fitting to donate as much as i have payed for Adventure of Mana for the Vita. Have a great run and greetings from Switzerland.
Have to donate again for the Pokemon Blue Bonus Run.
And of course, to get a little bit closer to the 1 with 6 zeros.
Keep up the fantastic work, SGDQ is such a great event!

Greetings from Germany
Yo Opus. Hi! Here's to hoping Julius is kind today! Put this money towards runner's choice!
Only a truly brave man would dare to challenge Julius% in FFA. Respect to Opus
I'd like to challenge anyone who played this game and got stuck at the 'Palm tree' and '8' puzzle to donate at least $5.  We might be able to get over 1 million!
Hey guys, long time watcher, first time donator, though we've donated art in the past. Unfortunately I won't be able to watch the runs today cause we're currently in the artist's alley at ConnectiCon. We did our best there to help spread the word about you guys and your mission. This is all the profits we made from our new Yoshi buttons from yesterday. We'd like to donate this money towards naming Terra Alice. Good luck to all the runners. 
Hey everyone!  Keep up the awesome work. Save frames, kill the animals!!!
Yooo. Got up in time to see your run. Don't know if the rest of the family is watching but we are all proud of you for working so hard to raise money for Doctors Without Borders. Good luck my dude.
Make sure you have plenty of pick axes so you don't get stuck in that one spot like I did,  kill the animals.
Good morning and good luck on the FFA run :)

I met Opus during last AGDQ, super amazing person, definitely worth a follow if you are not already doing that

This goes towards Opus' choice
On behalf of my friend Raelcun, missed your Wagon Adventure run because it got pushed back, but watched all the GDQ I could. And because I like those sweet, sweet frames, kill those bloody animals.
So sad that the end is approaching, but some great highlights still to come.  Thank you to all the runners and SGDQ team for another great year.   Moooooo.
This is my third GDQ event, and I'm so excited to donate my money to this amazing cause again!  I'm looking forward to watching one of my favorite streamers, Pcull, during the Aladdin run later! Also, Kill the animals!!!!
I've enjoyed watching SGDQ all week. You all do amazing work! I was going to save my final donation for later, but unfortunately will be away from the stream today. Half to the Pokemon Blue run and half to Save the Animals!
All I can miss atm because of summer break. Love myself some pokemon so put this towards the pokemon bonus run! 
3rd time donating to this great cause. We need that 30000$ for some pokemons so come on people.
I made sure to not sleep in this morning specifically to catch this run of Final Fantasy Adventure. It is absolutely phenomenal how much of an impact this game has had on both a personal level and on gaming as a whole.

I'm in the middle of finishing up the Vita version of the remake, Adventures of Mana, and when I started it, just hearing the arranged version of "Sunrise" (the title theme) I nearly broke down sobbing as memories associated with this game came flooding back. While the speed run will be impressive, I cannot stress the importance of playing either this version or the latest remake on a casual level enough.

For gaming, it is one of the biggest pieces of proof that simple can be incredibly powerful. You will remember the story. You will remember the characters. You WILL remember the music. It set the foundation for the Mana series of games and deserves to be remembered as one of the best series starters of all time.
30k to go hype
This is all I can spare after paying my bills and buying a TASBot shirt from TheYetee. Also, holy crap, Reverse Badge Order? This I have GOT to see. Shoutout to the staff of the North America Yugioh World Championship Qualifier; wish I could've made it to see you guys.
Woke up early to donate during the run of one of may favorite Game Boy games as a kid.  Pretty sure I had never heard of a mattock before playing Final Fantasy Adventure, who knew they were important.  So many awesome and sad moments, with great music, hard to believe it came out of an 8-bit machine with a tiny screen and speaker.  Good luck to the runner, end Juilus's ambition!
C'mon people we need more pokemon!
Thanks for a great event. Good job all runners!!
(Name is pronounced aye-lee-tuh)

Can't wait for the Diablo II LOD run, here's $15, so that Mr. Llama can show us his mooooooves.
Gotta catch all those incentives! 
PK
Thank you for this wonderful week of entertainment. Put this money towards the secret cow level, and continue being awesome.
Very good game ^^ lets donate 25$, too. :D #RunnersChoiceCauseImLazy
First time watcher; I've really enjoyed SDQ this past week and looking forward to the next SDQ event! I'm hooked!!
😁😁😁😁
Thanks to all the runners and volenteers for making SGDQ happen.
Hope we´ll get to one million dollars =) Thanks for putting up these charity events, you guys and girls are the best
Hey all Isa here, I was planning on being at the marathon this year but me and my fiance recently found out our first child is on the way and that changed our budget a bit. However theres still good work to be done and pbs to be beat so ill do my part and hopefully we can make it to 1.5 million this year? Maybe ill see everyone in January at AGDQ and show a newborn their future. Good luck and lets get the bonus incentives met
I've just come back from an hour long Pokemon Go adventure, so I had to donate something towards the Reverse Badges Run! Be excellent to each other, stay safe, and save the Pokemon!
Greetings again from the UK.
Pokemon Blue reverse badges! I'd give money to see that. 
If we didn't kill the animals then we wouldn't have bacon. 
Reverse badges? Brock won't know what hit him. Let's get this bonus run in here.
I might not be able to watch the Super Metroid race live tonight but I wanted to get my donation in anyway. Thanks for putting on another great event for such a good cause. Save those animals!
Since we are aiming for a massive cow extinction in Diabolo 2 we should save at least some animals.
Thank you for this amazing event.
The music in Child of Light is amazing . I had never seen this game before now. Donating for epic music I didn't expect this early in the morning.
Child of light is great and beautiful game. Nice to see someone run it. Good luck for all the runners and thanks for a great event. With love from Finland.
Greetings from the UK, loving the run so far. GDQs  are always awesome to watch!  But let's be honest, what have those animals ever done for us?  Kill the animals and save the frames (and maybe take out some cows along the way!) 

Thanks to all involved for another awesome event! 
NB - To be read during FF Adventure by Opus:

"Hey guys, Bowie here! Wanting to wish my good friend Opus all the best for his run. I'm glad FFA is finally back in a GDQ, and I couldn't think of anyone better to represent our community! May RN Julius be kind, and the Blizzard come fast!

Donation goes to Opus's choice. "

Thanks,
Bowie
First time donating after discovering SGDQ last year, love the marathon every time it comes around. Still amazed by all the skill on display.

In a Pokemon mood, so donating to the Pokemon Blue Bonus Run.
#prayfornoprey
Hello from Russia! You're awesome guys! Thanks for holding such an event.
Convinced my family to throw in a little money along with my own, so here's 15$ from me and another 15 from my parents.
Had to donate , because Child of Light is such a lovely game and I had a wonderful time with it.
Knew about GDQ for a while, didn't have disposable income before. Keep up the good work!
I need more Pokemon in my live !!
Hey Takaze and jenna, had to donate during one of my favorite games, and too amazing runner ! Glad to catch your run, hope you have lots of crits! 
For good taste!  C'mon everyone, we have to actually watch this later.
had to keep my promise! my last name was pronounced correctly on stream yesterday. :)
(Don't read this, this is takaze's girlfriend just letting you know who I am)

Hi sweet potato!

I'm sorry I couldn't be in the room but I'm supporting you from up stairs. You're doing a great job. Catbug will give you strength and luck!

Zelda and Booties would vote to save the animals!

PS Jenna don't forget the sir horns.
Hi SGDQ. I'm a long time fan of GDQ and Doctors Without Borders. I'm planning to become a doctor when I grow up and I think it's great what the organization is doing. Saving lives is really important; so sorry speed runners, but let's save the animals this time. 
Keep up the good work everyone! Kill the cows but save the animals! ;)
Just take my money.
Greeting from Australia! Put this towards saving the animals
It's great to see such a beautiful game brought to light (see what I did thar?), while supporting a great cause. Save the animals ... with the power of brand-name soda!
Takaze hype!
Talking in rhymes for sure is hard,
Not only Rubella  did know this from the start.

Please pray for no prey and good RNG,
And don't forget to mention Schroedinger's Finn for me.

You're doing such a great job, dear takaze-san,
So good luck and have a lot of fun.

Donation goes, how else could it be,
To runner's choice and not to me.
Been watching SGDQ a few times, first time donating. Thanks go to all the organizers and runners for making this awesome event possible. Also very happy to see a run of this beautiful game, good luck to Takaze! Oh, and save the animals, kill the frames. 
Shoutout from Syl, Nat and Francesco cheering you on.  #Pray-for-no-prey

Put this towards naming the boy in FFA Jeff.
Thanks SGDQ, you have truly been a beacon of light in a tough couple of weeks, showing there really is a lot of good in the world. Happy birthday to my dad.
Hi
Keep up the good work!
even though i was pretty  disappointed that dark souls 3 was not featured this event, it was still great. Child of light was one of the greatest games released in the last years and i was really happy to see it being run. Money goes to pokemon blue!
All you need is some quality gaming to help keep the world from going insane.
Long time watcher, first time donating. Love to see the classic games being played as well as newer ones I've never seen before. For the super metroid run, please save the poor, innocent frames.
Fun and interesting as always
I need to say that SGDQ 2016 is a great marathon so far and i really enjoy every run that i was able to watch. Like always good job to runners and people who organized whole thing.  Beautiful expert grill from couch can choose the donation goal. Have fun!
<3 <3
Child of Light 
@ShadNight9000
So glad I woke up in time to catch Trauma Surgeon.  What a surreal way to start my day. Just found out I don't need to buy a new central air conditioner, so now I have some money to donate. Put this to runner's choice.
Had a great week watching SGDQ! Can't wait to see the Diablo 2 speed run later!

Thanks to all the speedrunners this weekend! KILL THE ANIMALS!

HYPE!!!!!!!!!!


Woke up early on a Saturday to see Child of Light. This is one of my favorite games and it's great to see it run. 

25 dollars for Diablo II cow level and 25 cents to save the animals.
For Doctors without Borders and the Pokémon Blue run!
Thanks for keeping me entertained at ridiculous hours of the morning your time all week! Cheers from Sweden.
Hello Takaze (and Puwexil on the couch)! Good luck on your run of Child of Light, Takaze, it'll be nice to wind down on this relaxing RPG.

5$ to Takaze's choice and 5$ each to both people on the couch.
It's too early to try and write up some witty rhyme for this game as part of my comment, but certainly not too early to watch and enjoy the run. Child of Light is worth playing just for the soundtrack alone.
Love from Sweden!
Yo, I didn't expect to hear Yen's voice as a host! Have to donate for such a cool dude! <3 10 for Pokemon and 5 to save the animals  for Alice.
First time donating in a GDQ event! I have been waiting for this run the entire marathon and i cant wait to see this game get broken. Good luck to the runner and thank you everyone for a great event for a great cause. KILL THEM ANIMALS!!
Thanks to all the runners and the crew for this great week.
Moo? Moooooo. Moo.
Enjoyed SGDQ all week. As always a perfectly organised event! Thanks to all the people involved! Greetings from Germany
Great speedruns for a great cause - had to support this great event. Putting my money towards the Pokemon Blue run.
Had to get up early so I wouldn't miss the Child of light run. Child of light is such a beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack. It along with stick of truth were some of my favorite games of that year.
Never seen that secret cow level in diablo 2 so i hope we  can raise enough money for it.
It was fun having you in CONDUIT recently Takaze and best of luck with Child of Light 
You moooved me , so i am giving 20 bucks towards the secret cow level.  So mooby we get to see it.
Come on guys, everyone knows there is no cow level. It's all a load of bull.

$50 says I'm right.
Didn't get a chance to donate during Zero Mission so I'll do it here. When I was 12 I learned to speed run Zero Mission because the cartridge battery died so I had to play it all in one sitting. Love the work that Doctors without borders does. Donating for Pokemon Blue Bonus Run because come on, we've you can't have Pokemon Red without Pokemon Blue
WE LOVE YOU FEZMAN!
Oh boy Jenna AND puwexil on couch? This day just keeps getting better!
Good luck to my CoL mentor! Cheering from you from Japan. May Cordelia and Umbra be kind! 

Kill the animals also includes CHOCOBOS right? Put this towards Merchant Locke in FFVI!
Talking in rhymes for sure is hard,
Not only Rubella  did know this from the start.

Please pray for no prey and good RNG,
And don't forget to mention Schroedinger's Finn for me.

You're doing such a great job, dear takaze-san,
So good luck and have a lot of fun.

Donation goes, how else could it be,
To runner's choice and not to me.
Thank you to all the team who host this SGDQ lot of kiss from Belgium <3
I love what you guys are doing, keep it up! 

And chat...  I love you...  Never change. 
MOOOOOO
Good luck on the run, Takaze! You da man
#prayfornoprey
SGDQ helped me preserve my sanity through a really rough week at work, so the least I can do is throw in a little bit of my own.

Oh, and don't forget to shave the animals, or else those fuzzy critters are going to shed all over the ship!
Great event!  And please, save the animals!
IrisJoker is so convincing at this I want him to perform any of my future surgeries.
My mom is a nurse, and I can't say I've heard her say "sensei" nearly this much. Maybe I should come to work with her more often...
Thank you guys for everything you are doing. Donating for the secret cow level. All aboard the moo moo train!
The staff, The runners, the audience and even the twitch chat. Thank you all for great entertainment for an even greater cause. 

Oh! Do we really have the conscience to run pass and kill the animals when we just need a couple of frames to save them? No! We need to SAVE THEM!
Show me the PokéDollars
Hello from Ireland!
It might be a little late over in Minnesota, but over here it's high noon and I'm more than happy to spend that time watching the awe-inspiring show of talent that is GDQ. Thank you Iris, thank you couch, thank you crew and thank you announcer lady for putting together such an amazing event for such a fine cause. Here's to preforming an actual heart surgery live on the next GDQ.
And remember doctors, do no harm, unless it's to the animals.
Shout out to Irisjoker for getting into character.  Use that healing power to save the animals.  I love you Dani.
Sixth  try.. 

I'm sorry but I made up my mind.
Without detours I have hope beating my time. 
But those creatures won't be roasted in vain. 
Kill the animals. 
Save the frames. 
Hey guys
We can proudly state that the cliche of anti-social
gamers is busted thanks of you!
...but still kill the animals.
This game is so awesome. What a great run. Let's save the patients and save the animals.
Love this game and I'm really happy to see it run live at SGDQ!
Hey guys! I didn't know this surgeon game at all and it looks hard as hell! Donating again for the Pokemon blue run because Pokemon is awesome. I will go back to my Pokemon Go hunt now bye!
More Pokemon! More Pokemon!
PX here, got stuck in overtime so I missed the run, but good luck drawing a star IrisJoker. Give this to his choice if he draws the final star first try, otherwise Alta decides where it goes. Cheers for another successful GDQ. 
Fifth try.. 

I'm sorry but I made up my mind.
Without detours I have hope beating my time. 
But those creatures won't be roasted in vain. 
Kill the animals. 
Save the frames. 
Hello guys
I love what you are doing and even more why you do it.
Take my money for a good cause and save the animals
Hi all at GDQ. Had to donate during the Trauma Center run. Thanks for showcasing a beautiful game. This is my third time donating to GDQ. Kudos to all the runners, organizers, and volunteer for putting this up year after year. Greetings from Norway! 
If there's one thing i learned from watching The Dark Knight it's that a Joker in scrubs will always make my day. Great run!
Only at Games Done Quick will you see some of the strangest games to ever be speedrun. I hella love it
Greetings from New Zealand. I hope one day to attend one of these events but for now, here's a donation and keep up the great work everyone!
Cranberries!
Love Trauma Center so much, and it's amazing to watch somebody so good at it!
If there's one thing I learned from watching The Dark Knight, it's that a Joker in scrubs will always make my day. Fantastic run!
Gaming for the Good, Computers against cancer, speedrunning for survival! Cannot watch a whole lot this time but surely don't want to miss out on the donation. Keep it up guys!
Woke up early to see one of my favorite games being run, had to donate to see anime surgeon break a ton of OSHA regulations in the name of speed. Here's to great commentary and star drawing.
Fourth try.. 

I'm sorry but I made up my mind.
Without detours I have hope beating my time. 
But those creatures won't be roasted in vain. 
Kill the animals. 
Save the frames. 
Can't wait to tell my senior physician what he's been doing wrong all this time on Monday morning.
Greetings SGDQ. I started watching this stream in Scotland and now I'm in Japan, watching Trauma Centre be ran. Always love these events, and the silly touches people add make them brilliant. Please save the animals - need to see the little ship fly out at the end! 
Thanks for everyone who participated creating these amazing events for such a cause. You guys really make a difference. Thanks so much! :) 
So happy to see this awesome game during SGDQ, I love the series and finished Trauma Team for the first time recently.  Good luck to all the runners and congratulations to the GDQ staff for this amazing event. Can we get an imitation of Angie's "Vitals are critical!", please?
Hey SGDQ ! Kisses from France. Continue like that, you are the best. Let's make it to the million !
Also, because art is immortal, kill the animals and frame them so we can save both frames and animals ! In a nutschell : frame them all to save them all !
Hey guys, donating again because that Trauma Center run is so awesome! Wish it was in the middle of the day, instead of late at night. Thanks to all the GDQ staff and definitely the runners. Good luck in med school IrisJoker! This money goes toward killing the animals - you aren't REALLY killing them, you're just leaving them to fend for themselves.
Man I love this game when I saw game grumps play it a while ago thanks for what u guys do to help other. Use the touch to save lives across the world. And can one of the people on the couch say cranberries  in a old man voice pls
I didnt know that doctor without bordets absolut did bomb disposal and saving us from guilt. So now i need to donate.

So lets kill the cows and have a barbecue. 

Greetings from sweden. 
RIP AND TEAR!! No.. that was doom.
In that case, kill the animals, save the patient.

PS: it's lupus.
I'm considering changing my career path after seeing Iris play Trauma Center. I didn't know a surgeon's work was so colorful and time bomb filled!!

Sorry I couldn't donate more! Keep saving those patients! Kill the animals is down so that's the one I'm donating to.
Thanks for the great entertainment during a stressful time. GDQs remind me of how being a gamer can lead to using your skills for something that helps people who may not have the same luxuries or freedom as yourself. There's only one humanity, and you guys are part of the best of it.
hey! i'll donate another 10 if someone dabs the 'doctors' forehead with a cloth
Stoo wants to hear the mooos
My my, how far we've come with this game from playing casually at the old house years ago to playing on the big stage at SGDQ. Kao and I are up supporting you bud! Great game, great cause, great guy! Good luck on the run Iris! 30 for SMRPG proper file name of LCC.
I love it when runners break out fun outfits and props! Here's my donation, STAT
I work at a gastrointestinal clinic in Brazil, and I can assure you that freaking dorito virus pops up every week or so.  Shoutouts from the CIG.
I had to donate to tell this small tale.

I had an urge to play Trauma Centre recently on the DS. So I got out my 3DS only to find it refused to work on it! No stress, I had my old DS lying around I just needed to charge it and - what a suprise, the charger didn't fit in the old DS.

Upset but feeling a mild sense of hope, I opened up the old DS and tried to turn it on, despite not using it  in years only to find it turned on! And it's on full charge!!

Time to play Trauma Centre! No idea what I'll do when the battery runs out though...
God speed Sensei!
Doctor! Save Deckard Cain and all of the patients. Thanks to the staff and runners for putting on a great event and thanks to everyone for donating.
I was going to go to sleep after Pikmin, but then I saw this game and couldn't look away. Very skilled gameplay, and great commentary on a very weird, yet fun-looking game. Thanks to all GDQ organizers and MSF for making a difference. Good luck in med school IrisJoker. Put this towards killing the animals - we aren't killing them, we just aren't saving them.
Good enough! Good luck on the run. This goes to runner's choice.
Only a small donation, because thanks to this beautiful Traum Center Tutorial we can all be doctors (without borders).

Just Kidding, Save the humans, kill the animals!
Just happened to turn on the stream and the Trauma Center run seemed like the perfect  time to donate to doctors without borders. Iris, your reflexes are god-like and you're rockin' those  scrubs.  I'm putting my donation towards saving the animals In memory of all the lab animals that lost their lives to further our understanding  of medicine.
I'm not sure whether or not I want doctors I rely on to be like Iris. He'd cure me, sure, but at what cost!?
Third try.. 

I'm sorry but I made up my mind.
Without detours I have hope beating my time. 
But those creatures won't be roasted in vain. 
Kill the animals. 
Save the frames. 
First time donater long time watcher.

Kill the Animals KILL them all save the frames.
I love watching speed runs so any GDQ event is always a blast for me to watch. Seeing all these games I've played casually get completely manipulated is so fascinating to me!
Thank you to all the amazing runners, donators, GDQ staff and everyone in between!

And, as always:
SAVE THE FRAMES! KILL THE ANIMALS!
Thanks for dankin' on that corpse, shout out to derek powers, who speed runs my heart
This has to be one of the most appropriate games for this marathon! I loved Trauma Center: Under the Knife as a kid, even though it was a bit too difficult to me.

This money goes to the Diablo 2 cow level, but I will donate another $50 to runner's choice if he or someone on the couch does their best nurse's "Sensei!" impression.
Greetings from Germany.
Had to donate while Trauma Center, because I love this game so much and finally want to finish it.

P.S.: I HATE THIS FREAKING BOMB!
Thanks for running SMT Hospital. Trauma Center is always a fun watch.
Second try.. 

I'm sorry but I made up my mind.
Without detours I have hope beating my time. 
But those creatures won't be roasted in vain. 
Kill the animals. 
Save the frames. 
Love seeing the runners destroying this game, regards from a resident surgeon in Norway.  I'm no vet, so kill the animals !
Trauma Centre claims that GUILT stands for "Gangliated Utrophin Immuno-Latency Toxin" (which doesn't really mean anything if my research on Wikipedia is right), but clearly it actually stands for "Gets Under IrisJoker's Laser (and other tools), Totally destroyed".
Had to "GUILT" me into finally donating since you are obviously no scrub. I believe you have the touch. Save your patients so other doctors can continue to do the same.
Hurrah for IrisJoker, also let's all not feel 'GUILT'y about killing those animals
Did you know the second strain of Guilt can softlock on the DS version?
Good luck on the meatball surgery. Lets hope for the patient's sake that second opinion isn't coming from Frank Burns.
Wow, the speed and precision to run a game like this is insane. Donation goes to Irisjoker's choice
Had to donate now since it looks like there's an actual doctor without borders running the game. So here's to you sensei! Good luck with the operations.

Also, kill the animal-like creatures in the Pokémon Blue bonus run!
It is written only Link can defeat Ganon. 
you guys are great :)
Save the animals
I didn't realize SGDQ was airing reruns of M.A.S.H. Keep it up iris, or is that Hawkeye?
I just had to donate during this awesome game and even more awesome runner! Shoutouts to all the runners and the whole event crew, you're doing an awesome job, so a big THANK YOU from Germany :)
If i ever needed surgery COULD IrisJoker cut me open? He's got the scrubs so you know its legit
I remember this game, especially how weird it got really quickly and how difficult it was. Watching someone destroy this game is a lot of fun to watch. Keep up the good work!
First time donation, congrats to everyone for another awesome event.  My highlights were THUG and Bioshock.
A good cause, and I love surgeon cosplay.
Love Games Done Quick and I love that you support Doctors Without Borders. Take this Donation and help the people who need it most.
I was really bummed I missed Catherine earlier this week, so I wasn't going to let the late start time make me miss another one of my favorite games! This run looks awesome so far, hopefully I don't fall asleep too soon. Can't imagine playing a motion control game like this so early in the morning...

Donating to Pokemon because weird Pokemon runs are always fun to watch.
Sans frontières%
I'm impressed you can quickly play Trauma Center  for unbroken stretches. I went for the New Blood leaderboard spots and had to stop every 20 minutes for my wrists.  Save the patients, kill the animals.
I don't know if these will count but I'll try anyhow.
Sensei Sensei Sensei Sensei Sensei.

Hooray for trauma. Save the animals.
Greetings from the better of the two Twin Cities, Saint Paul! The GDQs have always been the best part of the year for me. I love watching games that have taken me countless hours to beat shattered in mere minutes. Thank you all for putting on these two awesome events each year. I'm putting my donation towards the Diablo 2 secret cow level because what better way to finish off the run than with this udderly awesome level. 
Brilliant work IrisJoker! This one goes out to Doctors without disinfectant.
The guy in scrubs is no scrub. 
Donation goes to kill the patients! Kappa
Glad I managed to set aside some time this week to donate before the stream ends. You guys do amazing work! I've been donating to these events for the past couple of years and I've been watching for even longer. Let's finish this off with a bang!
START THE OPERATION!
This is basically Surgeon Simulator, except you're saving the patients and not bashing their head in with the hammer.
Hello! Not my first time watching, but first time donating which I definitely should have done sooner! Trauma Center Second Opinion holds a special place in my heart like a burning (haha). Now, if only medicine could be as advanced as it is in this game. Until it is, I'll happily donate to Doctors Without Borders.

Keep doing what you speed runners do, and everyone stay awesome.
Hey, AceOfArrows here.  Sorry I wasn't able to attend, but money's tight, as usual; maybe some other time.  However, I think I can spare some money for a good cause, and to voice support for my fellow Trauma Center players.  Iris, if you blow up that bomb, it will be hilarious, but I will be upset.

We're saving patients, so while we're at it, let's save the animals too.
This is one of my favourite games. I beat it in a single sitting after hurting my thumb, which made tool selection interesting. Good luck on the run IrisJoker!

Afraid I must break the Hippocratic Oath and kill the animals!
I have made a poem and will spam it a couple of times and hope i get read. 

I'm sorry but I made up my mind.
Without detours I have hope beating my time. 
But those creatures won't be roasted in vain. 
Kill the animals. 
Save the frames. 
Is that darkterrex on the couch? Hey man!
If everyone watching the twitch stream were able to donate 5 dollars, we'd break the 1 million mark easily, plus think of all the incentives we'd meet!

Putting my 25 towards the reverse badge run, because that sounds amazing.

SGDQ HYPE!
Each year I'm blown away by the awesomeness that are GDQ events! I love the speedruns and I love the mission! Here's to many more years of gamers making a huge difference in the world! My money goes towards the Pokemon Blue Reverse Badge run, because WE GOTTA BE THE VERY BEST LIKE NO ONE EVER WAS!! 
I've always wanted to see what a Trauma Center run is like. This is gonna be an amazing run!
Trauma Center Second Opinion was the last game I Localized at Atlus, and in order to finish the game in time for Wii Launch, we had testers coming in at 3am to play through the game as fast as possible. So watching SGDQ right now is bringing back memories. Since SGDQ is about Doctors without Borders, and Trauma Center is about Doctors traveling around the world to fight an outerspace demon virus, I can’t think of a more appropriate run to donate to. So here’s my donation, for the Doctors, for the lack of borders, for the runners, for Alice, and most of all for the animals! Let’s eradicate Triti once and for all. Car keys hype!
had to wait til there was something important to support. so here's my donation for the cow level because moooo
As a medical school student, I had to donate to my favorite surgical simulator. Stayed up all night just to watch this! Thanks, GDQ staff, for such an incredible event!
Hey all! 

I used to run Trauma Center: Second Opinion a few years ago thinking that there was no community behind it but it is awesome to see now people not only running the game but running the game at a GDQ. 

Watching this run has inspired me to think about running this game again.

Trauma Center is one of the most mechanically intensive video games ever made - good luck IrisJoker and don't wreck your wrists!

Donation goes towards the Glitchless Pokemon run because it needs all the help it can get.
This is the perfect game to donate for SGDQ. It all about saving lives like in real life and so I will donate to help save real lives. And since this charity is about save real lives, let's save the animals for once. Let not Forget our hippocratic oath!
A charity supporting doctors would not be complete without Trauma Center. This is one of my favorite games, that requires skill and precision, even in a casual run. Been waiting all week just for this. Shoutouts to my friends who have put up with me in the IRC chat since the last AGDQ. Much love to all those behind the scenes, to everyone supporting the cause, and of course Edobean's adorable voice impressions <3
Good luck on one of my favorite wii games. totally didn't see this one the schedule so it's a nice surprise. next time on hard? :P
MMMmmm... Cranberries!
Hi there, long time watcher but this is the first time I've ever been able to donate! I'm happy to see so many gamers come together for a great cause. Put my money on that Pokemon Blue run! 
I've played every Trauma Center game, can't wait to see how fast it can be completed, even though I'm sure it'll make me sad. Putting this towards reverse badge order cause I want to see how that's even possible.
Greetings from Sweden.
This is my fourth GDQ event I'm watching live.
Third time donating, but I've never had my comment read before.
This donation goes to announcers choice and if my comment is read I'll throw in another donation.
Moo moo.
Moo moo, moo moo moo moo?
Moo. Mooo Moo. Moo, mo mooo moo moo!

Mu.
Once again awesome job organizing this event!
You have to save the  animals from their terrible fate!
What better time to donate to doctors without boarders, other than a doctor is on stream? Good luck on the run, and your wrist.

20 goes to pokemon blue. 
Diablo2 is and will always be my favorite video game. I'm looking forward to the run.  Let's expose Blizzard's lies and show everyone that there's a cow level! *kappa*
My gratitude goes to these good guys geared up to grind games to generate gifts of gold to a great charity

I'd be grateful if you could grind these cows to giblets
Waited all week to give during my favorite game, Trauma Center. I am so happy to see it being speedrun this year ! Thanks IrisJoker !
My friend Brian introduced me to sgdq and I just have to donate to kill the animals!
This is for Super-Elin!
Here's five dollars from Sweden! 
Keep up the good job :) 
Just started second year of my pediatrics residency program. I've been so hype for SGDQ this week, I've been telling all my colleagues and even my attendings. If my surgery rotation had been as fast and awesome as Trauma Center, I'd have definitely picked surgery as my specialty! Keep on saving lives both in game and in real life. Donating to gen 1 Pokemon incentive, in honor of the first video game my parents bought for me back in 4th grade.
Hey loving SGDQ so far. Even that the Kirbyblock ended yesterday can you do one last kirby impressesion
Moo! The Cow King and his herd must be dealt with! Good luck for Mr Llama, Lamas as Leaders!
Hi mom
Rip those pikman but can we kill more cows?
50 buck for honor the 44 pikmins
Hi, how are you? Thanks for doing this event, it's really fun to watch! Save some of the animals
My bank account is crying this month but there's simply no way I'm no donating.

Speed runners show me that when you put your nose to the grindstone you can do amazing things, and even though you guys go super fast those skills take time to build up and that really inspires me.
Thanks for this amazing run Emily - big love all the way from Australia 
A pokemon blue reverse badges run? I love pokémon! Here's $50 to hopefully get more pokémon at the SGDQ! Excellent job to the runners and everyone involved in this fantastic event! These events always make me proud to be a gamer!
Hi my name Lee I am from Korea I go by Faker in video game world. My game house and I just want to thank you for hosting the stream, it is great cause. We want save the animals here on my team :)
Save the animals!
Pikmin are omnivores... KILL ANIMALS!!
Hi all, Great to see SGDQ again this year. Is there a playlist of the Setup music because that music is great and I could listen to it all day! (Which I do because the Stream is never off!!)
Home stretch Em! You got this! Wish I was there, great job and great cause 
I hear Bounty Hunters get hungry during missions. I also hear Animals are very nutritious. Kiiiilllll them :)
Happy to donate, especially during Pikmin! Pikmin are so cute, one could say you could... eat them right up.  If the Bulborbs haven't already.
Enjoying Pikmin while it's wetter than an otter's pocket outside.

Thanks to all the runners and organisers. Hype, hype, hype.
KILL THE SMOKEY PROGG
Hi all the runners, this is my first time donation and i think it's a really good cause to donate for Medecin sans frontières. Good run at all runners! Also Save the animals !
Thanks for a week of great entertainment. Save the frames!
Thanks to all the runners for many years of entertainment, keep up the great work.
pikmin one and two were my favourite games to play as a kid and completing all the multiplayer maps in pikmin two with my brother are my favourite gaming memories. seeing as were killing all the pikmin, let's also kill all the animals
Been watching games done quick for a few years now, but this is my first time donating. This is a great event that supports a great cause and is filled with lovely and amazing people.  Much support to all the runners. PS : Save the animals!
This Pikmin run is fun to watch. Can we get a role call on the couch please? Also, save the animals.
Shut up and take my money
Hey guys. Shout out to my mate Scoot338 - Did somebody say Peanut Butter?

I love this event and the message it sends. It's a highlight of my year and I look forward to the GDQ runs. Good luck to the remaining runners. Donation to readers choice
Keep up the Amazing work.
It has been a crazy busy summer and I haven't been able to watch a lot of gdq, but I wanted to make sure I could catch the Pikmin run, even if it meant waking up at 3 am the night before an 8 am class. Pikmin was my favorite game as a kid and it is thanks to 360chrism and emilybrooks that i was reminded of how much i love the series. I have been watching speedruns for a couple years now, but 360chrism was the first speedrunner I ever subscribed to on twitch. Wishing the best to Emily and hopefully the pikmin have enough coordination to not trip over the run!
Way too many feels right now
$40 towards Pokemon and saving lives. This feels awesome 😝
Greetings from McDonald Observatory in West Texas. It's afternoon for the stargazers out here, and I appreciate these marathons because it means I have good live entertainment during my waking hours. Thanks to everyone who makes these events so amazing, and save those animals!
Amazing run by Emily, keep it up and SAVE THE PIKMI- ah, whoops. Well, save the animals.
Been waiting all week for my pay day to roll around all week. Thankful for ya'll dong this for such a good cause.
Going towards FF6 Good Taste
Go Emily!
those pikmin probably got what was coming to them
Shout out to my fellow Alaskans who've also donated! And to all the runners who are putting their best foot foward to help raise the money to help out Doctors with our borders!
Come on people, if we can do it for Oblivion we can do it for a reverse badge run!

5 to killing the animals and 10 for the blue run!
No idea what game this is but i think i'm in love with it. Good cause for donations this year. Hope to be there for the next  GDQ event so i can say hello to my future wife sitting there in the middle.  Also good luck on the runs!
Used to be such a Nintendo fanboy, played a lot of Pikmim but Pokemon Blue was really the thing that got me into gaming as a whole, have to donate to get that run. 
Thank you, Emily, for this amazing and hilarious Pikmin run. It's clearly too late for the Pikmin, but save the animals.
Great event, second GDQ that I am watching and donating to.  Always a great cause. C'mon viewers, less than a day left, keep donating and let's break a million again, keep the streak going! This money goes to announcer's choice.
My friends just went home and now I can get back to what really matters--watching  gdq for as long as my eyes stay open. Big ups to Emily and everyone on the couch for this great run! And Edo of course. You are all fantastic! Thanks for reminding me to give to such a great organization.  Oh yeah, and save the animals... Except for the cows. 
This is one of my partner's favourite games,  and she's been running it herself for years. I'm trying to convince her to take a more professional approach - here's hoping she gets the hint when she watches this tomorrow!
Up late watching this with my rad girlfriend because this is one of her favorite games. RIP little Pikdudes, and money is reader's choice.
Moooooooooooo! Mooooo! Mooooo!
Emily is my favorite streamer!
Oh and also kill all the animals once. Yahoo! Yahoo!
Waaaaaaaah take my money waaaaaaah
Props to everyone behind the scene including the announcer, who has the voice of an angel. A lot of recgonition goes to the runners, who are amazing, sio i want to recognize the tech support who makes it all happen. Announcer, identify yourself! 
Pikmin was one of my favorite games growing up and it's amazing to see it run here at SGDQ. I never got to beat the final boss as a kid so, Emily, take my donation and my energy and go show that jerk of a boss what's up! Also, big shout out to Doctors without Borders for all they do to make our world a better place.
I've always wanted to speedrun Pikmin but I haven't been able to get any lower than 11 Days. 
Money goes to killing the animals because if Pikmin get killed for frames, so should the animals!
It's almost 1am here in Alaska, and I'm still awake watching an amazing pikmin run. Keep up the good work, Emily!

Put the money towards runner's choice.
Just got up here in Germany and starting my day with this awesome Pikmin run. We love you Emily. 
Keep rocking the Pikmins and save the animals.
Shout out to Emily for playing Pikmin way better than I can. Seeing such amazing members of the community makes me want to speedrun myself. Five dollars to the Bonus Pokemon Blue run, because it means more time spent watching awesome speedruns. Extra shoutout to everyone behind the scenes making sure nothing too major breaks. 
Had to donate again for this Pikmin run, that, and the reader's voice is really cute so another reason to hear it again. 
Pikmin hype!Shoutout to Geena, speed running has changed our friendship, and you've changed my life.
I have to apologize, it's been a hell lot busy at work the past weeks. But don't you worry, donation is coming! 
I can't donate much, but anything helps! Good luck to Emily in this great Pikmin run!
P.S.  Chrism is a dancer :D Sending love from your chat!
#PikminGirls2016

🔥 it's lit 🔥
Save the Pokémon... I mean Pikmin! Everyone helping with this great event: you are awesome! Greetings from Germany and keep up the good work!
Donating $1 per yellow pikmin mercilessly thrown into the pond and left for dead. RIP pikmin friends.
I love the amount of geekiness invested in this event! Thank you for a great week and a good cause!
Shout outs to chrism on the couch, good luck with the run Emily and kill the animals!!!!!!
Love pikmin. By the way chris,  your chat says hi
Em! I am so proud of you for doing this! You're going to do great, I love watching you speedrun and you're doing this for an amazing cause! Thank you for being for donating your time, so I donate this <3
Love, AJ 
❤
Hey everyone, I'm trying not to donate anymore, but i really want to get this out there.  I have never felt this much kinship from the GDQ community until this convention.  As a trans woman, the speed running community has always been more accepting than most, and I also was able to find my speed running game, Fire Emblem: Awakening!  Lets be mildly passive aggressive to those animals... Just Kidding! lets save 'em all!
Snitchbug eh? My donation goes to saving the snitchbugs. (p.s. great work everyone)
Luckliy this is a decent time to be up in Europe, but I would've watched this at any hour.  Don't let those Pikmin die, but kill the animals!
I could never beat Pikmin as a child, but it was still one of my favorite games growing up, similar to another top-down game with a certain cow level that hasn't met its donation goal.
C'mon, guys, I thought we were all about killing animals here!
Hey Emily! You're one of my favorite streamers, and I wish you luck on the rest of your run.
Save the pikmin, kill the animals!
Great run for a great game! Keep up the good work!
Pikmin have got to be the saddest creatures to ever exist.  For you, they will fight, carry, multiply, and be eaten every day, but they won't ever ask you to love them.  Please love the pikmin anyway.
Ah, Pikmin. A beautifully constructed game; its soundtrack and ambiance are brilliant. This game linked my best friend and I in a profound manner and I will always love it and appreciate its attention to detail; it is the Wisdom of my video gaming Triforce.

Thanks for bringing a wonderful game into the spotlight, Emily! 

Kill the animals, efficiency is paramount. 
I have never seen Pikmin being done as a speedrun, looking great so far!

Save those damn animals! Frames aren't needed that badly.. right?
Pikmin always gives me anxiety. Even when I'm not the one playing. Good luck on the run Emily. Also, boooooo Chris 
Go Emily, you can do it! It's been another great SGDQ, let's make this last day amazing for both speedruns and charity!
Greetings from Reunion Island.  Reunioneses also watch AGDQ. I'm only able to catch AGDQ this late due to work. Anyway, keep up this amazing work for such a good cause.
Save the pikmen, kill the animals! I've had the week off work, and SGDQ has kept me entertain this whole week! Keep up the the good job everyone. One day left, one million is insight!
Hi SGDQ
Another year, another donation.

Keep going and finish theses games not too quick !
Let my two sons Jacob and David to stay up all night just for the pikman run. Good luck!
Knowing that even a tiny mistake will completely ruin a day, Emily is brave to be doing this in a marathon. Having ran Pikmin before and needing to reset days multiple times, I can't imagine trying to do this run watched by thousands of people in the middle of the night. Here's hoping for a good run.
First time donator. You can thank my humanitarian sister who absolutely loves animals as much as I do that grew up playing Pikmin with me for this donation to KILL THE ANIMALS. 
Pikmin is my favorite game ever. Kill the animals, save the pikmin!
Pikmin hype!Shoutout to Geena, speed running has changed our friendship, and you've changed my life. 
Hi Emily. I too am a transgendered girl, and I wanted to make a donation to show support for you as well as all of us. We can't help the way we are born, but that doesn't mean we have to continue to live a lie because of how other people think. I hope that one day we can live in a world where everyone accepts everyone else. Peace and love HYPE! - from a friend with no money.
Awesome Pikmin run so far Emily, keep up the great work! We're all behind you <3. Donation to Saving the animals or Runner's Choice if she has one.
This community is one of the most inspiring groups out there. Amazing talent and incredible kindness. That said, kill the animals.
So glad to see this game - and run by an awesome runner.  Pikmin was one of my favorites. I used to get so attached to the Pikmin that I would cry if they died. Please don't let them die, Emily!!
Captain Olimar, Olimar, Olimar, Olimar! What a fun name to say! What an awesome run of Pikmin, I love watching my favorite games done even in the middle of the night! Keep up the great work for a great cause! 
Man, Not having Vacation time from work kinda sucks. Hoping to join all of you one time for this awesome event. And the donation goes to the reader's choice, because all readers deserve some love as well.
Good luck Emily, you can do it! We're all cheering you on.
Sending positive luck vibes to Emily! You're awesome and I hope everyone has a good evening!
Gosh Darn I love Pikmin! 
Okay, take my money for pokemon! Can the announcer give us her best pikachu impression, please.
Greetings from Germany
Nooo don't let the Pikmins die!
Realy happy to see this great event again. Good luck to all the runners and keep up the good work. You are Great! Money goes to runners Choice.
I donated earlier, but I'm donating again to say that twitch chat needs to chill out.
I know that my friend NoLuck175 donated and I couldn't help but donate as well! Thanks to all the SGDQ staf for their hard work, best of luck to Emily and kill those animals.
Greetings from Australia! Glad I'm able to catch Pikmin this year. Keep up the good work.
Save Pikmins and Save the Animals! 
All the best and love from Germany!
Shout out to Tom who has been waiting all day for this Pikmin run!!! Love you! 

Good luck Emily, and kill the animals >:)
Psyched to see Pikmin at SGDQ! An alien crash lands on a post-apocalyptic Earth and recruits tiny plant creatures to do his bidding. Yep, it’s Nintendo’s most underrated IP. Good luck with the run!
My roommate and I got up at 3:40am to watch the pikmin all parts run.  Pikmin  has been a long  time fave here in  our household so here's hoping we can pick up some great new ways to play the game. Take you tiny army and go forth to conquer distant planet and good luck on the run.

Money goes to runner's choice
Had to donate for pikmin because playing this with my dad on Sunday afternoons is my favorite and earliest childhood memory 
What do we say to the God of death? Not today! So save the animals (but kill Pikmins).
The Pikmin series is my absolute favorite series that Nintendo has plucked out of Mr. Miyamoto's head! Thank you for running this game, Emily, and thank you, edobean, for reading these donations. Thanks for saving the Pikmin, as I'm saving the animals with this donation.

PS - My donation amount is my favorites in this series in reverse order... Hopefully! :)
Donating to support Emily on her mission to go fast. You go girl! Save the animals!
What are these running carrots all over the screen? Just kidding, Pikmin used to be one of my favorite game growing up. Thank you all for the stream, and dear viewers: keep donating! Good luck to all the runners
this will be my last donation for this sgdq. I love all the runs i have been able to see since i ten hours a night all week. best of luck for the rest of the runners may the rng gods be in your favor.  My ten dollars are going toward the One almighty Demon Choco. 
25 for the Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges, because that sounds fun. And another 25 for the Diablo 2 Cow Level, because i love that game. MOOO MOOO MOOOOO!
This donation should be split between everyone on the couch during the Pikmin run.
Glad to see Pikmin! This game absorbed my life when it came out, can't wait to see Emily destroy it.

Donation goes to runners choice!
Good way too early of a morning everyone,  just wanted to say thank you everyone for keeping me awake in my sweet sweet insomnia and a very special thanks for makinng pikmin a 4 am run (eastern time) and especially glad that/or if _edobean reads my comment, since she does have the cutest voice ever. Since tas block seems to be filled, donation goes to readers choice. 
My girlfriend donated for the first time earlier in the marathon so I thought this was a good time to donate for the first time too! We had to take time time off of wandering the neighborhood at night looking for pokemon to watch the Pikmin run! I know you're sitting right next to me on the couch but I love you An!
Had to make one more small donation during one of my favorite games of all time. Pikmin was a source of much joy and frustration for me as a kid. Best of luck to all the runners and may the RNG be ever in your favor. $5 to save the animals, because I can't save those poor pikmin.
Shout out to my brother for buying me a coke so that we could stay awake and watch Emily's Pikmin run. We're rooting for you! Oh, and and would someone be willing to place some wooden cabinets behind Chrism? It looks a little empty without them. 
Staying up to watch Pikmin because it's such a unique and amazing game.  I always felt terrible when I killed any pikmin but you do what you have to do! Putting this donation towards Diablo 2 cow level because my boyfriend is dying to see it!
Pikmin's always been one of my favorite games and I can't wait to see it taken down in style, best of luck with this brutal game, Emily! Donating to kill the Pikmin, kill the animals, and help some doctors save humans. 
Someone tell Vudujin that he's a sexy beast
It's so good to see another trans girl doing on a run! You inspired me to donate for the first time. Keep up the good work!
I've always wanted to donate to gdq and what better time than during  one of my favorite games, pikmin! Keep the pikmin safe,  get olimar home, and save the animals.
hiya i watched pikin on chris' stream for the first time, and  i really enjoy seeing this. 

Put this money towards the Diablo2 Cowlevel (which needs more support, time runs out)

(you dont have to read this but i'd like to quote :" DUDE! What a Rush!" )
I love pikmin so much! Glad to see Olimar's been working on his throwing arm for the wii version.
I have always wanted to donate and finally found the perfect time.  Shout out to my buddy Numufu who convinced me to stay up and watch the pikmin run, Save the animals! 
To all the staff/and runners; Enjoy your time and thank you for spending it to help provide to others.
Shoutout to Geena, speed running has changed our friendship, and you've changed my life. You rock!
Hi, I've been watching GDQ for a few years, but this has been the first year I've actually been able to donate. Pikmin is one of my favorite game series so I've been looking forward to this run. 

My donation goes to runner's choice. Also Kill the Animals & Save the Frames, but please save the Pikmin. 


I am sat watching SGDQ with my baby daughter. Hopefully one day she will be into video games as much as I am. Let's see that Pokemon incentive met!

Thank you for everything you do.
Thanks so much for playing this, Emily! Lots of fond memories playing this with my dad. You're all amazing people!
One of my all time favorite games as a kid, I remember when grandma would sit down with me to watch the little flower people.  Good luck with the speed runs. Doctors without borders is a great cause.
The Culling is not a game people typically speedrun because it is an open world PVP Battle Royale. But in honor of SGDQ 2016, and on behalf of the The Culling community, we put together a small charity stream where we won games as fast as possible to help further your efforts. Thanks for this great event and from 4gasm and viewers - save the animals.
Shout out to the Pikmin community. You guys don't know who I am yet but you will, I plan to learn this game within the next year and will be going all in on the GC 6 day route. Steep goal but I'm looking forward to it, I remember always competing with my friend as a kid to get fewer days than him, can't wait to be at it again but with pro strats this time. Good luck to you on the run!
Staying up irresponsibly late just to watch the adorable Pikmin! Good luck with the run. 
So happy to see one of the BEST video games ever, Pikmin! Thanks and good luck to the runner. Save the Pikmin! But I have to send a "yoooo" to my favorite streamer who's on the couch.  Donation goes to 360chrism's choice.
Pikmin is perhaps my favorite game ever! Super excited for the run! Good Luck, and Remember: No Pikmin Left Behind!
Save the pikmin, its the little guys that count
So glad my friends got me into watching this great event, keep up the amazing runs and good luck to all the runners. also kill the animals.
Here are 5 Dollar for SAVING the (17 yellow) Pikmon!
And i said PIKMIN HYPPPPPPEEEEE
It has been a crazy busy summer and I haven't been able to watch a lot of gdq, but I wanted to make sure I could catch the Pikmin run, even if it meant waking up at 3 am the night before an 8 am class. Pikmin was my favorite game as a kid and it is thanks to 360chrism and emilybrooks that i was reminded of how much i love the series and inspiring me to try to run the game myself. I have been watching speedruns for a couple years now, but 360chrism was the first speedrunner I ever subscribed to on twitch. Wishing the best to Emily and hopefully the pikmin have enough coordination to not trip over the run!
Gotta get in for the draw of that AMAZING pikmin shirt! One of my favorite games growing up, I never could have dreamed the game could be beat in so few days! Love all that you do SGDQ.
Greetings from the Netherlands. 

Event is great again, the Tetris run was super hype.

Shoutout to the Victor Vlaai Slack channel.

Donation goes to runner's choice.
Hello all,  this is my 4 gdq and my 3rd time donating. this goes out to my cousin who convinced me that when the pikmin sang that meant that they were lonely and i should be ashamed. Save the pikmin kill the animals
I just had to stay awake for my favourite game of all time! Super excited to see Pikmin at SGDQ this year. Please put my donation toward saving the animals — because if we don't save the animals, what will I pet? Ridley? He bites!
T-shirt HYPE!
Pikmin hype! 
donating to show love for 360 chrism! save those animals to make up for all of the dying pikmin
I'm hoping against hope for winning that Xbox One, but these Legend of Zelda prizes are all good too. This is my first time donating, so I'm making it count. And I want the cow level! (Please read this in your best D2 Cow impression) Moo moo moo moo moo. 
My seven-year old, Alex, can't sleep without watching this Pikmin run first. Go fast!  ZZZZZZZ
I can't do Pikmin runs fast because I love to save the Pikmin. So I must vote to save the animals.
Have been watching GDQ events for the past few years, and even had the week booked off from work to binge watch this year.  Here's to a great cause.
Yay for Pikmin! :D
I've always wanted to speedrun Pikmin but I'm simply too bad to get anything lower than 11 Days. 
Money goes to killing the animals because if Pikmin get killed for frames, so should the animals!
Correct me if I'm wrong, but killing pikmin does not save frames, and therefore not needed. Save the Pikmin, save the frames, but kill the animals
Psyched to see Pikmin at SGDQ! An alien crash lands on a post-apocalyptic Earth and recruits tiny plant creatures to do his bidding. Yep, it’s Nintendo’s most underrated IP. Good luck with the run!
Staying up late just to catch this run. It's great to see Pikmin in another GDQ.  Best of luck crushing that time estimate, Emily!
Awesome event! Donation goes to runner's choice
Thanks to everyone both on and off screen for all the outstanding work you do!
Good luck Emily! Get that 8-day run! Donation goes towards Blue Reverse Badges run. $50 more if you get the 8-day.
Here is some money for the Pikmin run. The moment I saw pikmin, i knew i wouldn't let them die in any game i played. Save the pikmin!
Gotta save the animals or Metroid Fusion won't be canon and we can't have that.
Pikmin was the reason why i bought a gamecube when it released. So excited for the run and thank you to all the SGDQ staff for this fantastic event! kill the animals! 
A reverse badge order run of Pokemon? Good gravy. This needs to happen.
Heyho. Love this event so much. Couldn'd watch that much as I wanted but now I will watch until the end. The money goes to Pokemon Blue. Thank you so much for your effort.
EDOBEAN HYPE. I love GDQ and consider it unofficial holiday. Look forward to it every year.  Announcer's choice.
Hey Guys, Greetings from New Zealand! As all the other great donaters I wanna join in and say how awesome you guys are and what an amazing job every single one of you does. Love to see Pikmin this evening and since they are animals too my money goes to saving the animals.
Love seeing this event, stumbled upon Agdq earlier this year, have been hooked ever since, I even discreetly watch while I'm at work.
I believe in that million
I've watched countless runs in the GDQ events for the past 5 years.   After being broke for the longest time,  I'm so grateful that I'm finally able to contribute to the cause.    All doctors should be treated as equals, with or without borders.
Pikmin is one of my all-time favorite games--can't wait to see it destroyed. Donation goes toward more cowbell.
Hi everyone! Sorry I couldn't donate during the Ocarina of Time run like I wanted to, Pokemon GO got in the way.  Put this towards killing the animals, because it *is* a speedrun. I'll donate another $10 if the announcer pronounces my name correctly, which is Matthias. Three tries!
Thank you everybody, runners, organizers and tech staff alike for another great GDQ. Took the week off for this and it was totally worth it!
Try for a bid! Who knows?
Been telling myself I should donate all week, and this is me committing to that. The GDQ's have been perfect relief for me for many years. Let's get that one million!
My 6 year old son Alec and I are waiting for his favourite game series, Pikmin, to be destroyed! Great work by all the runners and good luck to Emily!
Second donation of the stream gotta donate now that my boy 360chrism is on the couch. He's looking mighty cute there. Money goes towards his choice. 
Best glitch exhibition I've seen for OoT, great work!
Hello again,

Another donation for that wonderfull zelda block, just loved the glitchless run. Keep going guys (and girls ;) )

Kisses !
Guess I missed most of ocarina of time, but Zelda is the reason I started speed running maybe one day I'll be on SGDQ and get more girls into the speed running community second time donating and love seeing the gamer community come together to make a difference KILL THE ANIMALS lol 
PIKMIN HYPE, it's one of my favourite childhood games! Seeing this getting destroyed in under 10 Days will be awesome. Save Cpt. Olimar and kill the animals!
It was so cool to see someone finish Ocarina of Time so quickly. 5 dollars isn't much, but I thought I'd help out.
Here's to a great cause and an awesome game, also save the animals!
Shoutout to all the runners for another great year! The least I can do is watch, spread the word, and spread the love. Kid Papa loved Pokemon Red, Adult Papa loves Pokemon Blue, so why not run both? And, of course, Save the Animals! The extra frames are #worth.
Have money. Have fun. Someone's choice.
love what you guys do, already looking forward to ADGQ. Also save the animals!!!
Games Done Quick means more to me than other  holiday. Keep it up everyone, and thank you.
Just got home from work on payday.  Take my money.  Put it towards Pokemon Red Glitchless.
cheers ☕
Might as well make it close. So save those animals.
Growing up I used to play NFL Blitz with my grandpa Ares. Whenever he won he would say "Ayo Blitz!" I know this donation isn’t setting any high scores, but I really appreciate all the effort you guys put into SGDQ each year.
Thanks for everything and all you guys do.
Love seeing Ocarina of Time. One of the best games ever made. I love this time of year when I get to watch all of these great speedrunner work for such a good cause. Put my dollars toward killing Deckard.
Gotta donate during Zelda! Master using it and you can have it.
have to donate during the glitch exhibition and good luck to the runner for putting on a good show :)
Another great day of GDQ!  I'm excited for the Pokemon Blue Reverse badge run and Diablo 2 cow level!

Always excited to see Zelda speed runs, and was even more excited to see a glitch less run of one of my favorite games of all time. 
Thanks for all the hard work everyone!
Announcers choice, as long as she saves the animals and her voice
Even though this isn't the first time I've watched  SGDQ it makes me so happy to see all these good people coming together for a such great cause.  And it involves playing and breaking my favorite games?! The perfect storm of kindness! Also unfortunately for the animals I'm starting to side with these cool speed runners so put this towards killing those silly animals!
Shoutout to Aquas_ the fast fapper in the World!!!
Greetings Dr.D
Here's ten green ruppies for a good cause.

Money to runners choice
Piti I know you don't want to do a handstand so I'm asking the couch now

Do a handstand
It's a rare day when a lack of glitches blows my mind. Keep up the great work all! 
Loving the glitch exhibition, thanks for the great event.  I'll be pause buffering in my dreams.
I wanna make a zelda pun here. But I don't want to tri and force it. Get it? All jokes aside, it's nice to see all these amazing people come together for such a great cause. Looking forward to seeing all these awesome glitches. oh and kill the animals.
That Mario Maker race was unbelievable, can't wait for the TAS block, putting this towards glitch runner's choice!
Ocarina of Time was my first N64 game growing up. The glitchless run was awesome, and the glitches version is pretty sweet! Thanks for what you do!
Awesome glitchless run by dannyb.  Glitch exhibition from Piticarus should be HYPE!
Ocarina of Time runs are some of the coolest runs ever. So fun to see how far the game has come. Put my donation towards runner's choice! Keep up the awesome work guys, thanks for giving me something to do at 1am every night this week!
First time watching live, but it's really worth it getting up at 6 in the morning on a saturday to see one my favorite games of all time.
Good luck to all runners from Germany :)
Staying up all night to catch this amazing GDQ! Can't wait to see pikmin, but also can't wait to go to bed.  Some say sleep is for the weak, I say sleep is used to make weak people stronger. Save the animals!
Donating some love to this awesome glitch exhibition from everyone's favorite glass of OJ, piti himself. 

Good luck pit!
Aint no party like a games done quick partyyyyyyy. Let's get to the bonus goal! 
Only got to catch the end of the OOT run since i am working, but it was still awesome to see. Can't wait to see the glitch exhibition. Put this towards runners choice.
Almost forgot to donate because of the AWESOME run.  I love glitchless runs more than glitched runs, and it was great to see one of my favorite games from the N64 run glitchless.

Putting this to naming the Mario RPG filename SongBird, in honor of my mom, who always embraced my playing games.
Greetings from Otacraft, 4 mana 7/7
Awesome glitchless run by dannyb! Glitch exhibition from Piticarus should be HYPE!
Exploiting glitches for good
Zack is trashed and loves Zelda
Well played to all the runners. And a special thanks to those working behind the scenes. You do great work!
Announcer's choice.
This is my wife's first time watching, she didn't understand it at first but within minutes was hooked and cheering on DannyB to get his 3:37 on glitchless ocarina of time. Looking forward to her seeing some glitches now! 
First time donator, glad to help out anyway i can.
Totally forgot to donate during the run but here it is. Great to actually see the game for once. Save the animals!
Neato
Great OOT run I'm glad I managed to catch some of after work. Here's to the 1 million dream, and the dream of killing ALL the animals.
Greetings from Germany.
Long time watcher and first time donor (shame on me!)
Awesome event for a great cause! Thanks to all players for giving your time for our entertainment and making this event possible.
Let's get that million!
I love everything about GDQs, such a great cause. I love watching Ocarina of Time runs, much love to Jethro back there too!
Going to be dead on my feet at work tomorrow, but totally worth it! I can't count the number of times the Ocarina run has made me yell "WHAT" at my TV. First time watching SGDQ and loving it all. Well done everyone! 
Ganon is a boar, Ganon must die, so kill the animals!
Been watching for several years and love every GDQ. Thanks all the runners, tech staff, organisers and announcers for dedicating their time to a great cause.
Oh!
Oh Oh!
Come On!
Come On Come On Come On!
HOT!!
What a hot beat!!

Donating for my heart, the one the games next to me.
Many memories with Ocarina of Time, it was my first Zelda game and it led to it becoming my favorite game series of all time. Love seeing it speedrun and on my birthday no less!
Hello runners ! This event is as awesome as ever.
Keep it going !
Made it home in time for the end of Zelda and Pikmin, guess that makes it a good Friday Night.  Save the patients, kill the diseases, replant the Pikmin.
Just got off a 15 hour shift at a hospital. So excited to see a zelda speedrun that actually features the game. I look forward to these marathons every year. Thanks!
I love watching these every year, but I always miss a lot because of my work schedule. I'll donate another $5 if Danny only uses the bottle to reflect Ganondorf's magic.
Ocarina of Time HYPE! Kill The Animals!
Ocarina of Time was the highlight of my childhood. It makes me super happy to see you guys playing it in order to help those who need it. =)
How 'bout we do that Iceland wiking chant during the tennis match between DannyB and Ganondorf coming up? Is the hype real?

Greetings from Germany! 
First time donating, so that's pretty neat. I've unfortunately had to miss a large part of this event, though I watch when I can. A big thanks to everyone for arranging such an amazing event!
Hey! Listen!  I have nothing useful to say! 
Donating because the Zelda run is awesome, and putting it towards the Pokemon Blue incentive because that was my first game and I love seeing it run.
Shoutout to slayertokey and MN smash! Donation goes to runners choice!
Shoutout to my brother Nicky, we have had so many great memories playing video games as kids together, but Zelda Ocarina of Time are some of my favorite. 
I love SGDQ and always look forward to watching it when it comes on, even if I miss most of the live runs. I go back and watch the runs on the youtube channel. You do wonderful things in games for a wonderful charity. Keep up the good work!!
Greetings from Sweden! I guess the reason why I couldn't sleep this morning was to watch this awesome run of Zelda.  Heart Games Done Quick!
Hope you guys keep doing this :D
Save the frames, kill the animals... Except for me of course.
In memory of AGDQ's Basic Lee.
I experienced AGDQ for the first time earlier this year so I HAD to be there to see SGDQ. I work so I had to put in for vacation this week. I have no regrets, thank you so much for this event and I am looking forward to future GDQs. This donation goes to the Pokemon Blue reverse badge run because I'm curious.
Had to donate during my favorite game series of all time. Also had to do something to get my attention away from Pokemon Go for a few seconds. CAN WE GET A KIA! YHAAAA!
Always donated during the Legend of Zelda runs,  so I thought I continue the tradition. Keep up the good work! Here's to saving the animal.
This Ocarina of Time run is hitting me right in the nostalgia, so I just had to donate!  Thanks so much for making my Friday night! :)
Awesome runs this sgdq so far, have never seen a glitch less Oot run and am loving it.  Also enjoyed seeing the love kotor finally got at these event.  Keeps up the great work and SAVE THE SPRITES, SAVE THE ANIMALS! 
Chris Wilson and Jonathan Rogers, saviors of ARPG! POE HYPE!
Been waiting for SGDQ for months and thanks for getting the VODs up so fast.
I'd like to thank everyone at SGDQ for helping Pepsi Man (briefly) surpass League of Legends in total Twitch viewers.

Lets see that reverse badge run happen.
MOoOoOOOOoOo
Awesome event as usual!
Glitchless run? Movement just as developers intended.
Shoutout to Grand Dad
Is "Waaah!"  still a thing in OoT or has "Mweep" replaced it?  Either way, good luck toward the end!
"Hyeeeh kyaah hyaaah haa hyet haa haa jum jum haa!"
Have to make sure I at least give something to this worthy cause! Cheers from Vancouver Island.
Hey, had a lot of fun watching SGDQ. Making my first donation and happy to do so. (also want that Pokemon blue run :P )
This is my second time tuning into SGDQ and my first time donating. Thank you, runners and everyone involved for offering your talents and money to make this event possible. Also kill the animals. 
second donation for pokemon world!
Third time watching a GDQ event, wasn't really into speed running before finding out about these, you guys are absolutely incredible!  Keep it up and keep crushing these games.  Going on a 15 hour work day but GDQ has gotten me through the long day quite nicely :)

Ocarina of Time is an N64 childhood favorite/classic but put this money towards the Cow Level in Diablo 2!  Quite possibly my favorite game of all time.

Incredible job by all the runners, announcers and staff!
This is all madness.  MADNESS!!!
First time donating! Been a blast watching all the speed runs this past week but sadly will miss the rest of the final day. Good luck and thank you to all the speed runners! and thank you twich chat for all the LULS. 
What is the difference between a glitch and an exploit?
I made this donation to prove that not only good people can make donations. I'm as mean and bitter as they come - so lets all band together, everyone of all backgrounds, to save the brats of the world. Feelsgoodman for the badman
Of course I had to donate during one of my all time favorite games!  GDQ and Extra Life are my absolute favorite charity events, thank you so much for supporting such an amazing cause.  And as Navi would say: HEY LISTEN HELLO HEY LISTEN HELLO HEY LISTEN HELLO
If this is read on stream I will donate an additional $40. 
I know I am late to the party, but hey brossentia.
What do you call a medical humanitarian organization that does not strain when lifting. 
    Medécins sans gruntièrs.
Have to donate for one of my favourite games helping one of my favourite charity organizations. Much love and keep fighting the good fight.


Dont have much but just want to show my support.

Kill the animals
Love watching this amazing run! I think the best part of this run is not having to watch any of the Dead Hand fights, because if you weren't scared by them when you  were a kid...then I don't know about you :P. In all seriousness, amazed at this incredible community banding together for a wonderful cause! 
I can't understate how great of an event SGDQ is. Raising money for a good cause and simultaneously entertaining thousands of viewers. I can't even imagine the hard work that goes into running this event, this  is a shoutout to not only the talented runners but to everyone behind the scenes as well! 
Here's to my favorite Zelda game and my favorite announcer. Easily worth staying up late for to watch live.
I got Power, Courage, and Wisdom in Hylian tattooed above my heart a month ago for my first tattoo, that's how much I love this game. Doctors without Borders is also hella dope so I had to donate
Hey,  Listen,

Doctors without borders is an amazing organization, very happy to donate, but lets not forget the amazing nurses and nurse practitioners that also donate their time to this amazing cause.

littlevini
Happy 3 years, Dan! I'm so proud of you and so excited to watch you run! Thanks to all the staff, volunteers, attendees, and runners for such a wonderful event!
SGDQ Rocks, but you already know that!! Thanks for blowing my mind. Cheers.



The order of the pokemon badges shouldn't matter right? I wanna see how this is done!
I know this isn't very much, but this donation serves as a huge thank you to Danny, the couch and those phenomenal Navi impressions that have made this OoT run so magical. Thank you all for taking me along with you on this nostalgic journey that has made such a  mundane Friday night an amazing one. Cheers!

(Name pronounced: HAL-P-EL-EM) Help me out, because Nurses are more important than Poker.  Need to name Shadow in FFVI, "LeMary."
Hello all from London. I'm a long time follower of GDQ but it's my first time watching live AND donating! I woke up super early to catch this glitch less run of OoT and it hasn't disappointed. Good luck with the rest of the run DannyB, and my money of course goes to saving those super cute animals!
Sorry it's such a small donation but I can't see me account balance right now and I know it's kind of low.  Save the animals 
This is my second time watching a GDQ event live and I can't think of a better time to donate than during OoT, my favorite game of all time.  Since I'm paying my student loans, I can't offer much, but here's $50 to put towards killing those pesky animals.
The talent on display is awesome! Thank you to all the runners and people behind the scenes for a great marathon. A round of applause is in order, yes?
HEEEY LISSTTEEN. I loved watching this event all week and couldn't watch OOT without donating. Thanks to all for putting on such an awesome event.
Ocarina of Time is my favourite, so I feel compelled to donate again during this run. Great job and thanks for everything.
Not exactly the way I remember playing OoT (I think it took me just a wee bit longer to finish the game...), but seeing this game takes me back to a time where there were no loans or stress - where all that mattered was getting out of class so you could go home and play your favorite game. Glad to see the money going to such a good cause. These doctors are risking their lives to help people around the world. I don't have much to give, but come on everyone, let's crack that million dollar goal!
To the Reader/Announcer: HEY, LISTEN! Your Navi impressions give me life! I love the commentary from the couch as well. You guys rock! Donation goes to readers choice. Much love to all the SGDQ runners, readers, and all those behind the scenes. 
Greetings from Mexicali, Mexico

Long time watcher, first time donating


I needed to donate this year because last year my grandfather and my aunt die to cancer, so is the minimun thibg i can do to maybe help a person to not lose a very dear person to them. Money goes to runner's choice

Great Event so far, you guys are the Best
Spoiler alert: Snape kills Ganondorf. 
Hi from all of us on the back couch. Doing great buddy, keep it up! Put this towards reverse badge order since allocation wont work on mobile. PSA, speedrun is one word
I really shouldn't be donating this much, but how can I not!? Especially during my all time favourite game! I've been watching GDQs for 4 years now and each year I'm more and more amazed by the amazing work you guys do with your runs and the fundraising! Keep up the amazing work!!!

Runners Choice!!!
Question for the couch, do you speedrun any other Zelda's?  Which in your opinion is the hardest and most enjoyable? 
I've been glued to the stream all week! Looking forward to seeing that million dollar mark broken again! Money goes to runners choice.
you guys are amazing!  A broke college kid giving all he can  give.  our best goes out from the oldest city in the U.S.  St Augustine,Florida  is behind you.
Ocarina of Time is the game that got me into speed running when I saw Runner Guy and Narcissa do their runs back at AGDQ a few years ago. I've never seen Glitchless before, but I'm loving it. Shout outs to the Zelda Speed Runs community and the Saturday Night Bingo crew.
First time donating love gdq!! Had to donate during oot.  And pleaae save the animals!!
Question for the runners: Is this category run any differently on Ocarina 3D or is it identical?
Donating for my friend Sarah who is playing Ocarina of Time again for 100%. Save the dekus, but kill the animals!
I know it isn't much, but it's all that I can afford at the moment as almost a thousand dollars in car issues emptied my bank account over the last 2 weeks. My aunt beat breast cancer, so this is an important topic for me, and I attended last year, it was truly amazing being up on stage and co-commentating castlevania 2, even if my own runs didn't quite make the cut. I can't wait to go against next year, and I can't wait to see how much we make to help beat cancers butt! Donation goes to saving the animals, gotta keep the game canon!
For years ive been watching SDHQ and college has had me in the slum, now I have a job and am happy to watch the best of the best beat my favorite game since my childhood.
Got my first ever paycheck this summer and knew I had to donate during SGDQ this year after so many years of enjoying the marathon streams. Ocarina of Time 3DS was my first Zelda game and I spent MANY hours of fascination and frustration on the game. OoT Any% was also the first speedrun I ever watched and just completely blew my mind. Putting this towards Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges because Pokemon has a very special place in my heart.
So many games run at AGDQ/SGDQ. Even if i've never played a game, it's interesting to watch.
You know, it occurs to me that everyone says "Save the frames, kill the animals", but if you kill the animals die, that means fewer frames, so aren't you killing those frames? Therefore, I say, save the frames AND the animals.
First year of watching SGDQ or any DQ for that matter! Totally love it! Much love to all the Speedrunners, announcers and all other people involved. 

P.S. Kill the animals Wahhh
Had to donate during OoT. Best of luck on the rest of the run DannyB.
Go SGDQ! Really enjoying the Zelda OOT run. Making everything look way too easy!
This is the first time I've caught GDQ live and I've spent a significant part of my week watching the runs.  I'm stoked to see Super Mario RPG and Super Metroid being ran as the finale since those are some of my favorite games.  

Also, I'm pretty sure my brother Dan is watching and I don't think he's donated yet, so I'm calling him out so he can help kill the animals.
This is the 2nd GDQ my girlfriend and I have been able to watch live and we're still awed by everything these runners can accomplish.  Put this donation towards Demon Chocobo, all hail!
Did you know that, in Japan, whatever you're talking about was Doki Doki Panic?
Many run, run fast, run good, me like!
Torje do a handstand

Ocarina of Time was the first game that truly surprised me. I played it when I went over to my grandmother's house and I had no expectations when playing because I hadn't played very many games when I was really young, about 8 or so. As I kept playing I kept falling in love with the game, and as soon as I turned into adult Link my whole life might have literally changed. The Legend of Zelda series was the first line of games that took me to another world when I played and really challenged me without being too difficult for my young self. When my grandmother passed away last year due to cancer, it was difficult on me, but it has gotten easier. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time always brings me back to my grandma's house in 1998 where I first played this wonderful game and spent time with my grandmother. I watched Games Done Quick for the first time two years ago and this is my first time donating. Thank you for everything you guys do. Special thanks to all the staff and all the people who made Games Done Quick possible. 
I wish I could put away my Master Sword and go back seven days to watch SGDQ again! Chris Hanel of the Support Class team can choose what my donation goes to. Amazing overlays as always!
Always happy to watch gdq, lets make it to a mil. DS DAD HYPE!!!!!!
Congrats on a stupendous SGDQ!Thanks to the donors, volunteers, and this superb OoT runner. I Can't WAIT for some late night Pikmin! Hype!
I've been watching since day one. I've made amazing friends through these events even though I've never attended, so thanks to the GDQ staff for keeping this going because it's the highlight of my year, every year. Shoutouts to the 502 Krew. Goes towards naming Gau Arbys.
Speedrunning is an art. And you guys are some impressive artists.

Keep up the great work! These events are always a wonderful treat. <3
Yo! My alarm clock just woke me up for some glitchless Zelda. 

Super excited to see  Danny Boy smash through this game. 3/4 of a million HYPE! 

10,000 HYPE! 

Good morning from UK :] 
Haven't missed a GDQ since 2013 and I always enjoy not having a sleep schedule for a week or so.

I don't think you should kill the animals, just don't save them.
when picking up a sword takes 7 years, wars would end before anyone got into the fight
I almost made it through this late night run of OoT. It's unfortunately much past my bedtime and I'm starting to doze off. Good luck with the rest of the run. I'll have to catch up on this and the glitch exhibition tomorrow.
Wow, there's an actual game in Ocarina of time? And here I thought it was just a sandbox for breaking the laws of physics in creative ways.
Remember: Just because it's not a glitch doesn't mean it's not witchcraft.
Just wanted to say hi ^^

[Infos Team Perler] : Contact @GyooRunsStuff
Je veux le spirte Zeldo il est trop craqueeeyyy
Big Shout outs to the amazing people at Games Done Quick who upload these amazing runs so I can watch them all year round. 
Yay, got up in time for (at least part of) OoT! 
The last 24h of SGDQ2016 are basically on! So good luck to all remaining runners and let's hope for some Jeff, hail our Chocobo Overlord and dead animals! 
Amazing and funny speedrun! I remember making my mum crawl thru the tunnel at the start ( where you get the sword ) because I was scared of that sound from the big rolling stone. Keep it up!
I love that SGDQ exists. Doctors Without Borders is a great charity, and I'm happy to support them and this event. Whether it's by giving here or by doing something elsewhere in life, I hope everyone can find their own inspiration to do what they can and make the world a better place.
Hey everyone! I love the stream, Ocarina of Time was one of my first games! As much as I hate Morpha, it didn't deserve to be slaughtered that quickly!! And remember, always save the frames, kill them animals!!!
my favorite event. i am hoping to do a run myself in the future.  it has been so much fun trying to imitate what you all do, it has taken me almost 2 years and i am still going strong.  thank you so much for all you do, hopefully i will get to meet you guys in person soon <3
Loving this run. keep up the good work and kill the animals
You run it well!
Finally I can watch sgdq again and this on perfect timing.  Ocarina of time is my alltime favourite game and I am Happy to donate during this magnificent run.
Thanks to the runners and all others who are involved in gdq you guys are amazing.
Really enjoying the Zelda Ocarina of Time run , taking me back to when I just turned 18, started uni and had time played this game constantly.
Shoutout to Michael (and his lame roommate Colton) for showing me this earlier
First time watching GDQ live and also my first time being able to donate. Ocarina of time was my favorite childhood game so what better time to give to a great cause. Good luck with the run!
Sorry guys, but I need that strategy guide. I've been stuck on the Water Temple for almost twenty years! Putting my donation toward the Pokemon Blue run, it's going to be hype!

WAH!
No Dark Souls run this time around? I guess I'll just have to donate to the game that got me into video games in the first place. MSF does phenomenal work and so do you guys, keep it up! 
I'm sitting here watching the speed run of Ocarina of Time with my buddy David and Justin and we all have been long time fans the Legend of Zelda. This is still the greatest game ever made. 

PS: Shout out to my peeps over at PETA. KILL THOSE ANIMALS!
Ocarina of Time is one of my favorite games from my childhood, and of all the games I own, the one I've played through the most. Glad to donate to such a good cause as I watch a run of this game.
Dannyb is one of the coolest guys to watch stream.  Seriously lots of fun watching him speed run and could do it for hours.
The copper onions love you, especially from the West Coast. ;)
Without the adult wallet, this is all the money I can hold! I'll go cut some more grass. 
Boo Boo Doo De Doo 

Dun Dun Boop Boop 

Dweet Dweet Dweet!

(Save the Animals)
So I never played OoT as a child, but I've been playing it on 3DS now. This run is blowing my mind. Shout outs to my wife, Kelsey, for watching this with me!
<3
Keep doing what you guys do, this is an awesome event for a great cause. Shout-outs to Clint Stevens and the chat.
really enjoying this legend of zelda ocarina of time, keep the great work and can't wait for the next GDQ 
 cheers from El Salvador

Been looking forward to SGDQ ever since AGDQ. I never played Ocarina (too busy playing StarCraft probably), so I'm very much enjoying watching the glitchless run. Good luck DannyB! Runner's choice.
Our son may be skipped but he's been a hero ever since you've met him. We're proud of our Owl and he'd want to save the animals.
Play of the Game: Link
It's HyyyyRuuuule

Fewer glitches is more fun!  
Even though you've already beaten the water temple, I just want it to be known that I literally broke six controllers on that temple. I then got a colored one called "Water Blue". Needless to say, I still use that one today. Keep up the great work, Danny! Reader's choice for the donation!
Had to donate again for this amazing ocarina of time run, especially the dark link fight and making the water temple look like the easiest parts of the game. Keep up the good work and mercilessly slaughter those animals to save the pure and innocent frames.
I was at work trying to teach a co worker how to do the dishes fast, and caught myself accidentally describing a trick as "saving frames".

Thanks for all the good times and kill the animals.
Dannyb, I'm super sleepy, but I also don't wanna miss any of this awesome run, so how about you just use a glitch or two. That Shadow Temple Chasm Skip seems pretty cool, you can just tell chat it's not really a glitch. 
Guys, if we all donate 5 now, we can smash the 1 million!  I believe in us gamers!  1 MILLION HYPE!
My brother is going to be a doctor someday, helping doctors make a difference is a great cause! I love my dogs so save those animals!
Really enjoying sgdq so far !
Big thanks  to everyone involved for making  sgdq 2016 such a great event and for helping a great cause  .
Money goes towards runners choice .

Much love ,
Khezo 

That Water Temple made me weep for all the wasted hours of my childhood, especially the time that I thought I had used keys incorrectly and started a new game.  SGDQ is the coolest thing I have ever seen, and for such a good cause -- take my money, take all of it.  Put this towards Runner's Choice, unless it's kill the animals :-P
Hiyyyaaaahype!
Love Zelda but Diablo needs more Moo. 
We aren't even close to hitting the record! C'mon speed runner fans, we have to hit the best time for 1 million dollars for charity!

Love the LoZ run!
This donation is for that BS Water Temple run. What have I been doing with my life....


P.S. Muhweeep
Greetings from Minnesota...I live a mere 5 minutes away and love that this event is held so close to home!  Great marathon, keep it up!  I've been following all week and have been watching these for the last 3 years.  
It's always a fun to watch one of my favorite games get destroyed in various ways, year after year.  Instead of Any%, I'm glad we're able to see a glitchless run where much more content in the game can be showcased!
Too bad this run is invalid due to the megahop in Jabu Jabu....

Ocarina of time was the first game I ever  played.  There were many hours of tears and confusion spent playing this game. It's amazing to see someone beating this game so fast and for such a great cause. 
My sixth and final donation of this GDQ (but I'll make a seventh if this gets read). I'm disappointed there wasn't the option to name Link the Japanese equivalent of Arbys. Shout out to all the streamers and the KFFC chat. Kill. Those. Animals. 
Thank you for supporting such a worthy cause.
oh, so THAT's how you're supposed to do the water temple!
Both this game and my childhood have been destroyed by this run. I approve. 
Watching SGDQ has brought so much positivity to this week.  Thank you and good job to all of those involved!!! 
Had to donate during one of my favorite games! Ocarina of Time is what first got me interested in speedrunning, and I'm never not amazed by the sheer number of  tricks and optimizations that have been found in the game. Good luck on the run, and let's kill those animals!
Hey SGDQ !  Hype from Winnipeg MB Canada. Keep up the good work. Go Danny Go Danny Go! 
Water temple  as a toad? No way! Guess the forest garb is the most powerful item after all! Has great defenses to fire, ice and water!  We don' need no stinking tunics! 
Hey SGDQ!  Long time viewer, first time donator!  Wish I could have donated back in January, but a lot has changed since then.  I found out that both my Mom and Uncle are now cancer-free, and I doubled my salary!  Supporting a family still limits what I can donate, though.  Give half my donation to the Pokémon Blue run, and the other half to kill those animals! WAHHH!
great cause
HEY! Question for the couch/DannyB: would killing phantom gannon with the empty bottle (during the tennis volley section) be considered a glitch? Is that why you didn't give us an awesome showing of bottle vs magic?
Also a huge shoutout for all the GDQ staff, the runners, and everyone donating. I can't donate the thousands like some are, but I can still do my part!
Ocarina of Time is a classic, it's amazing to be seen live. Good luck to the runner and kill those animals!
This is my first time watching game done quick and I'm so happy to see you playing the legend of Zelda. It is my all time favorite and I'm happy to donate to a good cause. Thank you for doing what you do! 
I don't have too much money, but I absolutely LOVE Doctors Without Borders - and with OoT being the later part of my childhood, I can't not donate during this!
shoutouts to my boy dannyb, one of the nicest guys in the oot community and of course piticarus who has never had a good run ever Kappa 
Love the Games Done Quick marathons, thank you to everyone involved for making these happen! I always make sure to donate during Ocarina of Time, Zelda games hold a special place in my heart.
I wish I could give more money than what I am able to give. But being a broke ass college student, and having all this obnoxious college debt. I am giving what I can. I just started a new job. And I wish I had got paid so I could give more. :D Anyways. Keep being awesome. Keep raising money to save lives. Money goes to reader's choice :D
Amazing runs everyone! This GDQ has been amazing!
Being a bit of a language/literature nerd, the Legends of Localization book sound SICK, so I had to donate for a chance to win it...

... and also to save the animals.

"Link! Watch out!"
Was afraid I would miss the Ocarina of Time run, but managed to make it home in time for the hype. Here's to a great run!
After missing the last GDQ's i finally managed to watch this event live and what better moment to donate during one of my all time favorite games. Good luck on the run and let us break the million. and save the animals! 
Second donation in honor of my wife who has been watching with me all week despite not  being much of a gamer. Awesome marathon so far and loving this glitchless run! 1 million incoming!
Twitch Chat is really ...special sometimes

Kill the Animals
First time donation, putting it towards Pokemon. Will donate again twice the amount if everyone on the couch hugs one another.
Hey SGDQ, second year watching, first time donating! I had to donate during my favorite Zelda game of all time. I wish I could donate more, but it's the thought that counts right? Good luck to all the runners and also, save the animals!
I want the announcer, in their best Palpatine voice, to say "Kill the animals. Do it."
First time watching GDQ, awesome to see people break games like this, keep doing this awesome work to support a great cause
even though it means i'll be up until 4am, it's more than worth it for ocarina of time! loving this run so far
Reverse badges?  This I got to see
Greetings from Aersia! Let's beat the Ganons!
You've convinced me to give a little more, not only with pixel-weaved Zelda pins, but also because I just wanted to make it known how much I loved the Pepsiman run.
Hey everyone, first time donating. I've been working all week, but catching what I can and everything has been awesome so far! HYPE for Ocarina glitchless! 

Also, let's save those animals for once!
No Comment
Greetings from St. Louis, Missouri! I had to donate during the game that not only introduced me to speedruns, but also the first game I ever played. It also seems fitting that this run occurred during my 22 Birthday. Sorry I couldn't donate more, I am a poor college student. Good luck to Danny and the rest of the runners!
I came when I heard that there was a Pokemon Blue Reverse Badges run as a donation incentive.
love this event and everything you guys do for charity.
So, if Link warps all around Hyrule at his will helping people and making the world a better place, he's basically a doctor without borders, right?
Thanks for providing hours of entertainment for a good cause! You guys are amazing! And to my wonderful Fiancee, sitting next to me watching her favorite Zelda get destroyed, I love ya piddles!
Between Pokemon Go and Ocarina of Time, my Twitter feed has been completely overrun with video games. I've been watching SGDQ for years and now seems like as good a time as any to donate. Kill the animals and keep up the really great work, and thank you for supporting this awesome cause!
I'm loving the OoT run so far! Even without glitches, this well executed run is insane! I'm putting this towards the Pokemon  Blue Reverse Badges run, let's get that lofty goal met!
<3
One of the best games ever? Gotta donate for that!

Gotta love the great music in this game

Donation to runners choice!
Hey Listen!!

It's been great watching these guy show techniques that I've never seen in ocarina of time !

Shout out to all my Fargo peeps!


Just introduced my girlfriend to SGDQ and she's sleeping now...,but I think it's a good sign. Anyway, here's 15$ for saving the animals.
First time donating, but i've been watching for a few years now. Glad  to give money to a good cause finally and be a part of a bigger community! I've been having a hard time coming out as trans to my family, this has definitely helped me through it.  Let's kill the animals!!
Nice work so far on this run!  I've gotta see that reverse badges run, so my $10 is going towards that.
Hey! Listen, Save the animals! :)
Thank you to all the staff at SGDQ and the runners for providing such an entertaining and helpful stream!

Put this toward the Pokemon Blue bonus run and have yet another Haiku!

Ocarina time 
Seen glitch and blindfolded runs 
Good to see whole thing!
I've been looking forward to this run all week, and having the glitch exhibition makes things even better. Good luck with the rest of this run, and maybe one day you guys will figure out how to do some Sheik skips.
Please put this donation towards Pokemon Blue.
If my man Joel is watching this run, you know what to do.
Hey, Listen! It's time for one of my favorite games, OOT. Best luck to the runner and thankfully you don't have to bother with dampe~
Hi, I got really into watching old GDQs on youtube at the start of this year, but this is the first one I've watched live, so I figure it's about time I made a donation. Thanks to all the runners for the hours of great entertainment and supporting this good cause.

And of course, KILL THE ANIMALS!
I figured it was time for me to donate since I've been enjoying SGDQ all week.  Thanks to the organizers, runners, announcers, and donors for making this and AGDQ such awesome experiences.  Also, kill the animals.
You're pretty swell
It's all about the frames...so we have to kill the animals. No real animals will get hurt, it's 'just' speedrunning. That's what I keep telling myself every time I bid for killing the animals.

Looking forward to that Pokémon Blue Reverse Badges, let's make it happen.

Peace(for animals too),
Kyllikki-Uolevi
One of my favorites!
Like many others before me, I'm electing to go past my donation budget just to squeeze out a bit more. This past week has been filled with me watching these runs, and I have to give something back to make up for it. Because this is about helping people, we have to save the animals
Was not able to watch much of the run cause of a crazy work schedule, but finally got some time to chill and I'm really enjoying the runs! Watching some OoT now, and  it's awesome to see how much of the game I didn't know before by watching it done glitchless. Keep up the hype! :D
That Volvagia fight blew my mind. Save the animals, though.
I look forward to these every year,  but this was this was the first year I planned ahead and upgraded my data plan so I can watch at work!
This game is great, this marathon is great, the charity is great, and all the runners are great. Putting money towards such a great charity is the least I can do to support this great marathon. Great.
Wanted to get my donation in while Legend of Zelda OOT is going on. Brings back childhood memories with a smile. Love SGDQ and hope to attend one soon. Save them animals. Donation goes towards announcers choice. 
Greeting from Australia

Thanks so much to all the event organisers and runners for all your hard work over the years.

Truly an inspiration to everyone watching.

Hopefully my Vegan girlfriend doesn't hear this but save those frames and kill the animals.
Did you know the secret method to make Ocarina of Time multiplayer? All you need is a LINK cable!  Please put this toward naming Cyan MrThou in the greatest story ever told, Final Fantasy 6.  Gauuuuuu
First time seeing this category of OOT, and glad I can experience this during such an awesome event! Good luck to Dannyb for the rest of the run
Question for the Zelda: Ocarina of Time Speedrunners:

I've noticed there have been some exploits being used.  What qualifies this run as a glitch-less Any% versus a Glitched Any%?
Been watching GDQs for years and I'm glad we're finally able to donate! Thanks for the amazing marathons.

Donation going towards Pokemon Reverse Badge order. Because who doesn't want more runs. :)
Love Ocarina of Time, have fond memories of playing it with my brother as a kid. I am now enjoying it being destroyed with my 3 month old daughter. Good luck guys.
I can still remember when this run was glitchless. FeelsBadMan
Greetings from Australia. First time  watching SGDQ live and although my sleep scheduled is now nonexistent  it's been worth it to be constantly amazed by everyone's runs this week and all for such an amazing cause. Keep it up everyone and save those frames. 
Let's get some hype for a great run and great tech to come!  And maybe a heh-haa-hiya (link's jump sound)  for good luck!
I missed the opportunity to donate during the Demons Souls run and unfortunately I won't be able to see my favorite game Super Mario RPG tomorrow night. So I am going to donate during the Zelda OOT run, another one of my favs.

I decided I was going to donate 25 cents for each time I died in Dark Souls 3 from start to finish. I hope my rather death prone play style helps towards reaching the 1 million mark.

Shout outs to my pathfinder buddies and The Galloping Ghost Arcade who may be watching.

Praise the Sun!
Amazing SGDQ so far this year! Had to donate during my favorite childhood game. Still cant figure out how they beat a game that took me months in under 4 hours! Amount goes to runners choice!
Being my first SGDQ I've attended in person, I've very much enjoyed the experience and meeting the awesome people of the various speedrunning communities in attendance.  Kill the cows! #freebetsey
After hearing so many Hey Listens!, WAAAAAAAAH! is music to my ears. 
Had to donate during my favorite Zelda game of all time. Thanks for the awesome SGDQ so far, can't wait to see more of my favorite childhood games blazed through tomorrow. 
Hey, great game, good run, good luck and have fun.

Rhymes for days son. ZELDA HYPE

Also Cyan is a colour . . . MR. THOU IS A HERO!!!!
Hi! I like shorts! They're comfy and easy to wear!
Thank you for this SGDQ, it is my first.
It is my opinion that what you are all doing here is both impressive and beneficial to the world in which we live. It is also my opinion that being difficult can be enjoyable, so put this towards save the animals. Keep up the good work.
Even though Médecins Sans Frontières isn't my favorite MSF, I still think that donating to it would be Big Boss approved.  #BigBossIsBestBoss 
I've been meaning to donate all week, but I just couldn't decide the best time. I almost did it during Pepsiman, but I decided Ocarina of Time, a game that helped me get through my cancer treatment, was the perfect time. Money goes towards Pokemon Blue backwards badge order because I really want to see how that works. 
3rd donation had to be the biggest. LoZ was the first game I ever played when I was 5 and I fell in love immediately. I just drained about 1/5th of my bank account to make this donation and I challenge all others to say, "HEY, LISTEN!,  what do you actually need that money for?? donate because those less fortunate need it". You guys are amazing please never stop breaking games and helping those in need.
Good work killing that wolf in the ice cavern.  Kill the animals.
Love seeing so many people coming together to play amazing games for an amazing cause. I always love catching between work! 
Hi, reader! This donation goes to your choice. 
But, uhm.

Exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition, exhibition.
had to donate for OoT because its one of my most favorite games from growing up. ive been watching for a few years now and thanks to all the folks that made these amazing events possible. i put 10 towards the blue reverse run, because i have never seen it, and it is a game from childhood id love to see be crushed. HYPE!
So happy to see a glitchless OOT run. Non of that 15 minute any % stuff. Good old fashion movement abuse. Good luck to all remaining runners and thank you to everyone who makes GDQ happen.
Had to donate during Ocarina of Time, this game brings back so many memories.
Doing my little bit for the Pokemon blue run! Mario Maker, Pepsi man, and Ocarina of Time has been an amazing night time lineup! Sleep is for the weak! 
OSfrog
My girlfriend and I are having a romantic evening of Chinese food and watching speedruns,  sorely needed after a long work week. It's wonderful to see a game we're used to seeing speedruns of played in a new and interesting way! Best of luck to Danny, many thanks to all of the support staff keeping the stream running, and a special thanks to all of these anonymous donators with deep pockets and big hearts. Let's all try to match their generosity as best we can and hit $800k before the end of the run! 
Had to donate during the OOT run.  Good luck to all the runner.
Just got home from the bar and glad to see I haven't missed the Zelda run.  Donation goes to runner's choice
Hey, SGDQ. Been watching these runs for several years, and have always missed live plays due to life and work. I'll never forget the first time I found you guys...and how you killed the animals! Don't be cruel! Save them as if they were your own family!

(insert clapping for saving the animals)

Thank you for all your work, and let's go for beating last year's record!
TAWAI IS NUMBER ONE (I donated like 80$ before)

 Can I hear some TAWAI #1 IN TWITCH?! I Love you runners!!!!!!!!!!!!
Greetings from Mexico! Ocarina of Time was my favorite game during my childhood and I completed it like 3 times when it came out. Funny thing was, I could barely understand any English at that age. Can you imagine watching the Owl talk forever and thinking, is this thing saying anything useful anyway? Fun times. Thanks for this amazing run guys!
Thanks to Danny for this awesome run of my all time favorite game, and shoutout to my fellow norwegian on the couch! Donation goes to runners choice. Another 10 dollars if reader can pronounce Torje's name correctly
Sheik is obviously Jabu Jabu. Money goes to couch's choice
Great to see a game I loved so much as a kid get time at GDQ, particularly for more than the 20 minutes we'd have in Any%. Best of luck in the run, and save the animals!
i love and hate you ... it took me weeks plus a brady strategy guide to beat this game back in high school! :) love watching this! also save the animals 
TGIF: Pulling an all-nighter to watch my favorite game ever (Ocarina of Time) as well as the great line-up ahead!!
OoT was the first game I saw on GDQ on YouTube a few months ago. And it's the only game I've ever beaten, also a few months ago. I've enjoyed watching GDQ live this week. Too bad I work early tomorrow and have to go to bed before OoT is over.  
Hut hut, hype!
I've been laughing at everything I've seen so far, from Sunshine to PEPSIMAN. Let's get the total raised to $8,000,000 for all GDQ events; we've only got $480k to go!
haHAA
What the?! I thought this was supposed to be a glitchless run of "The Legend of Waluigi: Ocarina of Waaaaa". Oh well,  I guess this will have to do. Keep up the great work everyone! Donation goes to reader's choice.
Fantastic runs as always. This is so great. 
Shoutout to Drew (Runnerguy2489). There aren't many people crazy enough to do blind folded OoT runs.

Slay the animals. SLAY THEM ALL!
I think that Waluigi should be one of the official mascots of the GDQ's.  It just so happens that Nintendo is releasing a Waluigi Amiibo soon.

If I can get a loud Waluigi grunt from the crowd I will donate another $50 as well as purchase a Waluigi Amiibo for future GDQ's.
Super excited to watch the Zelda play through! Watch out, Gannondorf is really Gannon! 

Money goes to runner's choice. 
I just got up at 05.45 on a saturday to watch Ocarina of Time. I must be mad! Oh well, then I might just give you more rupies for this quest, oh greatest wielder of speed!
(that means Money goes to runners choise in "non crazy person" Language)

LOTS of love from Norway
I've been waiting to donate, but I wanted to do it during one of my favorite games. So glad I now know a way to make my time with Ruto much much shorter. Thanks for the fantastic run.
I was stuck on Goron mountain when I was young, and it took me 4 years before I picked the game back up, passed the puzzle, and realize what a masterpiece Ocarina of Time was.  Good luck to Danny on the speedrun. Since we are donating to help save lives, makes sense to save the animals.
Although I'm only a recent viewer of GDQs, I have been entranced by it far more than is good for my health. Thank you for all your hard work in creating these fantastic streams!

Blue is the superior color of most anything, so please put this toward reverse badging the blues.
Quick, do the thing! By "the thing" I mean beat Ganon and by "Quick" I mean as quick as possible in a glitchless run.
Save the animals, kill the cuccos!
Well, shoot. There goes my guess that Sheik was Dampe.
Had to donate during the run of my favorite game of all time.  The GDQs and all those who take part are amazing, inspiring, and deserve blessings from RNGesus. Thank you runners and staff! Making the world a better place, one saved frame at a time!
Thanks 4 Everything
Hey all, first time donating. Wanted to put something up during the Ocarina of time stream,  which reminds me, how exactly is that pronounced? "AWEcorina" or "OHcarina"?

And save those animals! they're ENDANGERED (or something, i'm not sure exactly.)
Been watching GDQ for years but this is the first time i've watched it live, and the first time i've donated.

Glad that this event happened on my birthday, and wish I could've donated earlier, but hopefully this is okay for now!

Good luck to Danny on the run, and thanks for supporting such a great cause!
25 for that ancient pepsi man cameo in zelda and what better than to donate to them pepsi colors, pokemon blue reverse.
Thanks for running this amazing game! Donation to runners choice. 
What do you call a stone with eight legs?

An Octorock!
Guys, common... Clearly its Epona in the Sheik costume...

DannyB good luck as always... You're the man, so MWEEP!

Ohh, also, Hane Naysh Y'all

-ecgbauer-
I've been enjoying GamesDoneQuick now for a few years and I still have no idea what this Kill vs Save the Animals is, can someone please explain.

Keep up the good work!!

Put this towards the Pokemon Reverse Badge run.
Runners choice :)
DIABLO 2 COW LEVEL PLEASE!
My first time donating after being a fan for several years. Shout out to Bailey if she's watching, cos she's the one who got me into games done quick in the first place! :D
I always donate to save, but this year I'll vote the way my brother does.  Save the frames!  Kill the animals!
Absolutely loving SGDQ this year and sad it is almost over.  Here's to saving those animals.  We wouldn't want their families filing wrongful death lawsuits now would we? 
Shout out to my name-brother Torje on the couch,  his choice what the money goes to.
This one's for you Vince
Of course I have to donate during Ocarina of Time, one of my favorite games ever.  This is my first time attending a GDQ and its amazing, but I came here to go fast so gotta kill all of the animals.
I started watching GDQs in 2014, and I love what you guys do. Keep up the great work!
Maybe Sheik is the owl?
Ocarina of Time is my favorite game and the amazing things that the speedrunning community is able to do with it blows my mind. So glad to see DannyB running glitchless at SGDQ!
Shout out to Sy-Cat
Epic marathon - thanks for coming to my hometown of Minneapolis! My 5-year-old son has a comment: "I'm sad the Super Metroid race is later than it was gonna be cuz now I can't come since I'll be in bed." Maybe next time, little man.

I'm trying to set a good example, so save the animals!
Hooray for Ocarina of Time! My absolute favorite game! This is my first time getting to watch live but I love watching old runs. Happy to donate to such a great cause!
Here's extra money because I literally said "Sheik is Pepsiman" at the same time as that person in the audience.
I'm finally able to donate during one of these events.  To make it even better it's during one of my favorite games of all time.  Also shout outs to whoever's in charge of uploading to youtube since one of the new videos popping up in my feed is how I knew this was going on right now.
Only my second year watching AGDQ, but I love watching it nonetheless. Glad to see that gaming is able to help the world in it's own special way!
Good Luck for the runners! Greetings from Germany!
I Know... I Know... It's old
But i wanna See it! :D
"do the harlem shake"
Not my first GDQ and certainly not my last! It's full of fun,wow and waahhh!!
Love to GDQ crew,runners,sponsors,the supporters for this great cause! Love the games and love the stream!
Now from all this, i'll get myself a Pepsi. Save the frames, MWEEP and be careful for beefy...
It's dangerous to go alone, take my money!
This is my third time watching but first time donating. Don't know why it took me so long.  This donation goes to MSF to save the lives and for Samus to save the frames.
Had to donate during the Ocarina of Time run.

I'm gonna take the announcer's recommendation, and put this toward the Pokémon Blue reverse badge order run.
Keep it up!
I heard of this reverse badge run of blue that I have to see, and when better than during my favorite series legend of Zelda (followed by Paper Mario).  
Donating to the great works of MSF.  If you're unfamiliar with the amazing efforts and difficult conditions they contend with, the PBS show Frontline has an excellent, and freely watchable, episode on their efforts last year to combat Ebola.  We may be watching games, but this money saves lives.
Long-time donator, first-time watcher. Greetings to Germany. peewM, aaaaaaaW. But seriously, I've been loving this marathon - Halfcoordinated already got me to donate earlier, and Bonesaw would have too if I wasn't firmly lodged to my bed by that point. MSF is a great cause too, so even if this is more than I set aside for the marathon, I don't have any real problem with giving more. Keep up the good fight, all of you.

(PS: I don't know if this is allowed, but I just want to request that if I somehow get randomly drawn to win the N64 OoT Game/Guide, please send that to someone else instead. I would prefer the game to go to someone who doesn't already own it. I'm fine with any of the other ones if I somehow win them, lol).
Donating thanks to Re-Dead Lauren who got me watching Games Done Quick last year and did a panel about it at Otafest just last weekend! I'm happy to donate to saving people and Killing the Animals!!
First time getting to watch a GDQ and figured I should finally donate during the last run I'll get to watch this week and during what is probably my favourite Legend of Zelda game. 
Metroid Haiku:

cries in the distance.
innocent beasts need our help.
let us run to them.

thousands of frames saved
in any given speedrun.
so many to spare.

surely we can make
the ultimate sacrifice:
save the animals.

Thank you  to all the runners, staff and volunteers for another wonderful GDQ. You folks rock.
Waaaah, Mweep.
Us roommates spent the week watching sgdq and we'll surely miss it after tomorrow! 

To prevent you for having trouble with PETA, our donation goes to save the animals.
Got up extra early to watch this amazing Run.
Put this towards Pokémon Blue, Greetings from Germany
Loving the Ocarina of Time Glitchless run. I may have to fire up a copy of the game and try out some of the tricks I'm seeing. Donation goes to runner's choice
Thanks for representing the oot community this year and for all the hard work you've put in. Awesome run so far, shoutout to the homies on the couch!
Stash our trash! Beautify Bluffington!

Vote for me!
This brings my $100 limit to a close and so far nothing has been read out. Will break my limit with another 50 tomorrow if this one is. Now that that's out of the way, just wanna say that with all the bad stuff and tragedies that are going on around the world lately, it's nice to see a group of people from around the world coming together to raise money for such a great cause. I'm putting this money toward VSF, or Vétérinaires Sans Frontières, so that they can SAVE THE ANIMALS!

PS: Talon and KungFuFruitCup for cutest couple at SGDQ.
saving the animals in small incremints at a time
HeyGuys. Just a reminder that Red Tunic is best Tunic and Blue tunic is crap. Good luck on the run DannyB, and good luck Emily on your Pikman run later. Also, go Canada!
First time donating! We don't have much but we hope this can help your good cause.

I love the Legend of Zelda and I had to donate during this run. Also, I'm looking forward to see how powerful is the deku nut are! We are nuts HYPE!

P.S. We want to save the animals in order to my wife to mmet them (she hasn´t play metroid).
So glad the glitch exhibition (sorry announcer)  got met! RIP my sleep schedule.
What is once in a minute twice in a moment and never in a thousand years?
Hey Alex, do the dishes.
Ah, another week of SGDQ! It's been awesome! I would have donated earlier today, but I've been out catching Pokemon all day so I'm putting this towards the Pokemon Blue run! So much love and thanks to all the runners and the people behind the scenes, you guys are the best!
<3
A haiku:
hear the sages speak
amidst the "mweep"s they whisper:
"speedrun" is one word
Ocarina of  time is one of my favorite games of all times. Seeing it beaten so quickly is awesome! Keep it up!
Been watching GDQ's on YouTube now for months, first time catching one live, had to donate during Ocarina of Time, no matter how many times I watch OoT runs, they're still awesome!

Good luck to all runners from Australia.... And kill the animals :)
Gotta donate during one of my favorite games from my childhood! Love seeing a glitchless run! Gotta have that pokemon blue run <3
Had to make my last donation of the week during the best Zelda game of all time. Also, my brothers are currently sitting in the audience.  Shout-out to them. Hi Collin and Charlie! Love you! 
Been watching bits and pieces of GDQ for about 2 years now.  However, I'll always remember this GDQ as I've been able to watch numerous runs this week while rocking my 11 day-old newborn daughter to sleep, both during the day and in the middle of the night.

My favorite run so far was the Metroid: Zero Mission run. One of my favorite all-time games and it's super interesting to see that the developers had speedrunning in mind when they designed portions of the game.  Thank you to everyone at GDQ working tirelessly to broadcast the stream and to give generously to a great cause!
The girl of my dreams asked me out during the game if my dreams.  Wish I could donate more,  but apparently I have some dates to pay for.  Let's save some animals in the name of live. 
Howdy!

=)

I'm Flowey. Flowey the Flower. Some of  you are new here at SGDQ, aren't you? Don't you know it's faster to kill the animals rather than save them? 
That's a wonderful idea!
Always nice to see people PLAY Ocarina of Time, as opposed to the massive glitch bit, even if it's amazing to see it done.

Remember to Save the Animals, since without them you wouldn't even KNOW how to wall jump!
Always a treat to see my favorite game turned inside out! Huge thanks to the organizers, crew, and of course the runners! I look forward to GDQ each and every year, and it just keeps getting better and better. Keep up the great work everyone!
Four swords and an Oracle of Ages Ago, we encountered Link's Awakening. Through a Link to the Past, we see our hero dawn Majora's Mask, The Minish Cap and a Phantom Hourglass. This Wind Waker gazes up at his Skyward Sword forever looking up to his Twilight Princess. By the Oracle of Seasons, we will never forget his Spirit Tracks. The Adventure of Link will always follow us between our Link Between Worlds. May we always be able to call upon our Tri Force Hero, our Hyrule Warrior, as we face Ganon's wrath. We look forward to a fresh Breath of the Wild, but we will never forget The Legend of Zelda and all the memories it holds dear. Thank you SGDQ for all the good that you show the world so that we can all someday be heroes to someone in need.
Hey guys! Really enjoyed the runs so far! Good luck in OoT!
Keep up the awesome work! ^_^
zelda is my favorite anime! kill the animals 
A friend of mine has been practicing piano lately. Here's hoping I can win him 
Hey guys. Long time watcher, second time donating. I remember the day Ocarina of Time came out and watching these talented fans speed through the game again really brings me back. The GDQs  are amazing events for amazing causes so here's my part! Since the runners have revealed that no cuccos will be harmed during the making of this speedrun, put this towards KILLING THE ANIMALS.

P.S. Mweep.
Thanks for everything you guys are doing! OOT HYPE!
Thank You SGDQ
I love glitches, but it's great to see a long glitchless run of Ocarina of Time, one of the best games ever. Thanks for the amazing week of entertainment!
Gotta go fast!
Managed to find 10 rupees to throw towards the cause!  Put these towards runner's choice.

HYPE!
Hey Danny, hope the run goes smoothly. As I was typing this message you cheated by doing a megaflip, I'm so disappointed. But seriously, best of luck with the rest of the run! 
Thank you for saving princess Ruto! I will now come back to my original position. Mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep, mweep.
go quickie
From winning the poker tournatement. This donation is going to naming Shadow "BobChs" for Bob Chase
FIFTY RUPEES?!
It's dangerous to go without a loan, so take this!
Don't worry, you can keep it. Just make sure that it's a secret to everybody! 
PEPSI-MWEEEEEEP
I have no idea what to say, so my donation goes to announcer's choice.
We're enjoying watching!
I don't think my first few donations made it though, but I'm donating to wish good luck to dannyb on his OoT run! 

Also, here's a Zelda joke for you: What happened to our hero of time after he started surfing the web? He became a Hyper Link.

Shout outs to Torje on the couch and all of the OoT speedrunners in the crowd and watching on Twitch - I love all of you guys and gals <3
HAAYAAH!! So happy I get to watch a Glitchless Any% Run! We managed to MWEEP so hard twitch chat went to slow mode! Keep saving frames by killing the animals and lets get these donations in to hit the MILLION!
Hey guys, great work on everything you're doing! A bit of a shame I'm going to miss it due to work, but you all have so much dedication!
This money's going to saving the animals, because frames are an invasive species and we need to kill those instead.
Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep Mweep.
Haven't been able to see much of the stream this but I'm sure it's been great as always. Even know I'm more of a 2D Zelda fan, seeing Ocarina of Time is always a treat. Triforce of Courage HYPE!
10$ for Pokemon, cause PKMN and Zelda are our childhood an 10$ for saving those fluffy animals!
This is for SGDQ-Bingo:
Long time watcher, first time donator!
Greetings from germany!
Go around!  Go around and around and around!  What fun!  I'm so happy!  I'm a music man who loves to go around and around!  Go around and around!!!

I first played the original Zelda when I was 5 years old with my dad. We literally drew the over world map out on graph paper. You guys are amazing and I'm so glad I found out about this. Legit people screwing around playing video game has raised almost 8 million dollars for charity. VG nerds are the best ever. #save the animals........except that owl. seriously. I want that owl to die.
Here's $2,000 for saving the animals. And $3,000 for killing them. Muahahaha.
Haven't missed an Ocarina of Time run in 3 years, not going to start now!

Kill the animals!
Mongrel here - I wanted to donate during halfcoordinated cat-tastic run, but I didn't get my allowance until today. No catnip for me this week, since I decided to donate the treat budget during Zelda because, well.. Fishies! Jabu Jabu gets to have all the fun. (sad face) Great work, all! Save the animals.
Best of luck to Danny and Pit during the oot block
Next year can we have Mweeps Done Quick?
This is my first year watching SGDQ! I'm so glad you guys are running Ocarina of Time! It was the first Zelda game I ever beat, and it's great watching some pros have at it!

Also, shout out to my girlfriend Lizzy who's watching it with me! Let's save those animals!!!
Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! Mweep! 
...that out of the way, thank you guys for all the hard work and effort and keep up the good work! Glitchless hype!
I normally watch 100% runs of OoT.
Watching the Gltichless category for the first time is awesome!  Amazing run and amazing runner!

P.S. I'll donate an extra $50 if you take a detour to do Dampe XD
MWEEP
MWEEP MWEEP
MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP
MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP
MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP
MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP
MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP
MWEEP MWEEP
MWEEP

There's only one word to describe this and I'm gunna spell it out for ya!  S-A-W-E-E-T Sawwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet!   

How you doin!
Mweep, Mweep, Mweep, Mweep, Mweep. Mweep
It's one of the few times in the year where the gaming community comed together to do their part helping  those in need. Donating, sharing and participating in events like #SGDQ #AGDQ and #ExtraLife.

It doesn't matter if you're a follower of Gaben, loyal to Nintendo, a fanboy of Sony or watching tv and movies on your Xbox. 

I do my part every year by donating during my favorite game (Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time)

Thank you to every who had done there part and best of luck runners with beating your PBs, WRs and showing of your community's passion for your game of choice.

Cheers,
Ryudoz 
I am just here for the Mweep.

Seriously, that's it. Thank you.
it seems like no one can defeat the demon chocobo. i always name gogo genji in FFVI but ill have to make due with cyan
Waaaaah or Weeeep, I can't decide.
Many thanks for the glitchless run of Ocarina of Time. We are staying up late to watch! 
HOP HOOP HOOP HOP HUP HUAP HOOP HUP HOP HOP HOOP HOP YEAAAAH!
It was recently the Muslim holiday of Eid, so I wanted to donate to Doctors Without Borders to help spread some of that joy. Of course, I had to do it during one of my most favorite games, Ocarina of Time! This goes to save the animals!
Thanks for another great summer of runs for charity. Go DannyB
Skipping the dang owl.... Face palm times one thousand

Hope the nostalgia spreads to you all out there!

Thanks to GDQ for creating and sustaining in general. This is the sickest thing gaming has ever done. Hands down.

Spread the love and save the animals.
Donating during one of my favorite Zelda games! Mweep mweep mweep mweep
Hey guys! First time ever donating to gdq! Love the work you do and the runners are always awesome! Can I get a shoutout to my friend Dashie?
Huge Plays to all the runners and GDQ staff for another amazing SGDQ. Keep making those HUUUUGE PLAYS! Shoutout to toasty and piggy!
I asked Link where this donation should go, he just replied "HYAH HYAH HYAAAAAAAH"...

I guess that means kill the animals.
greetings from Belgium. It's just over 6 AM here, and after a few weeks of piling up sleep deprivation a smart man probably wouldn't get out of bed for a speedrun. Me on the other hand, here i am. Quick question for the runner, or basically all runners, are you still capable of playing these games casual?
With all the terrible things that seem to be happening right now, it is good to see that gamers can still get together and do something amazing and good for the world.
Just started watching last winter and first time donating, with such a sweet Ocarina run I had to. Huge old school Nintendo fan. Metroid is my favorite because of how cool his arm cannon is, and Zelda is a close second with his master sword. But real talk, save the animals and thanks to runners!  
Bababooey
During all the marathon I have been hearing people talk about me being nice to them or how it was my fault their run failed. I have no idea why.

All jokes aside, been watching the GDQs for years and always try to get most of the week off to enjoy it all. Keep up the great work. Simply had to donate during OoT, like every year. 
Doctors Without Borders not only restores health, they also restore mana!!!
I'm really excited to catch the Ocarina run this  year. NOICE . Now its time for Arin Hanson from the Game Grumps to learn the run Kappa 

You guys are so Awesome, keep it up.
Crazy early in Norway right now, but ocarina of time is worth it. Hype!
Between Mario Maker, Pepsiman, and Ocarina of Time, I'm simply having the time of my life. Putting this toward the reverse badges run of Pokémon Blue because... wut
You, know, my real-life name is Link, and I have a fancypants dog whistle.  I try playing it - I even run backwards yelling "Ha!  Huh!  Ha!"  Why can't I do any of this stuff???  

Anyway, put this towards your choice, dear reader :-)
First Pepsiman and now Ocarina of Time, my evening is set!
I haven't donated to SGDQ yet? Better get on that!!
Thought I would actually donate this time. Thanks for the awesome marathon!
Gotta be at work in 7 hours,  I wonder how long I'll stay up
Hey everyone, watcher of GDQ since the beginning. I just left my job and have no money or idea what's going to happen next, but I can't not donate during Ocarina of Time. SGDQ 2016 Doctors any% Borderless
Hey guys. I just had to donate during the game that introduced me to the Legend of Zelda series. It took me 2 years to finish it the first time, but then again, I was only 8 at the time. Put this money to saving the animals
I was gonna donate for the OoT Glitch exhibition, but it looks like that's already been met! It's okay, I have another idea. All hail the DEMON CHOCOBO! 

Anyway, good luck to dannyb, and may fniMike guide him through his glitchess run! 
Hey everyone.  I donating during the OoT run to shout out to my bestie who loves everything Zelda.  So please say happy birthday to my best friend Mike Cahill, who turned 30 yesterday and was the best man in my wedding 1 week ago today.  You're the best friend a guy could ask for Mike!  Oh, and he wants to see that  sweet OoT Glitch Demonstration.
Happy to donate to such a great cause while watching amazing speed runs, especially of one of my favorite games!
Shout-outs to my buds,  Kappa and Josie.
Oh, and save the animals!
I've been watching AGDQ and SGDQ for a while, I was super surprised to see Pepsiman get run and I'm loving the ocarina of time run! Keep doing what you do! Games Done Quick is always something I look forward to and it's all for a good cause!
First time donating after many years watching. Thanks for everybody putting on a great event! Going to quench my thirst with a pepsi and look for my car keys. Good luck to all the runners!
Runner's choice.
Shout out to all the runners and everyone involved with GDQs who make this event something to look forward to every year.
Love the glitchless run so far, keep up the awesome work! Please put my donation to runner's choice :>
Greetings from America, long time viewer, long time donator. Great to see a glitchless OOT run. Amazing event as always.

Shoutouts to ElDiablo and the 502 crew
My third donation this week! Had to do one more for this. Love OOT I got it for Christmas as a kid and spent so many hours playing.  I only learned last year how absolutely broken the game is. Keep up the great work guys! 
I'm super excited to see this glitchless run so there isn't any missing links. ZELDA PUNS HYPE!

P.S. kill the animals
My alarm woke me at 5 am so that I can see the Zelda run. Together with a cup of coffee, it is the best start into a Saturday. Europe says good morning!
Love Ocarina of Time, favorite game of mine. Had to donate, good luck to all the runners from Sweden, love GDQ even though you destroy my sleepschedule.
If only the song of healing could be given to the Doctors without Borders. Of course, we could just use all the loot we'd gain from killing the animals. Good luck on the run of such a legendary game.
Always take the week off for a GDQ. Love what you guys and gals do keep it up, HYPE!
Donating during - undeniably - one of the greatest games of ALL time. OoT will forever have a place in my heart. Donation goes to runner's choice.

Hey, listen! Can we get some HYPE for Danny B and the couch?
I am so fat, my belly is deep, my favorite sound, goes MWEEP MWEEP MWEEP! much love sir, and put this to runners choice. By the way, good luck on big Octo skip <3
Cutscenes in an OoT speedrun?! Loving this category so far as it's new to me. Favorite game as a kid and can't wait to see the rest of the run.
Here are 500 Dollarydoo's to kill those monotreme buggers 
Love GDQ, been watching for years. Not sure why, but I am permanently banned in chat! Any chance we can fix that? I wasn't breaking any rules that I know of.

Eh, either way, keep up the fantastic work! 
Hey SGDQ! This is the first stream I've been able to watch live and I was so excited to see that there was a run of my favorite zelda game. Thank you so much to everyone who puts in their time and effort to making this huge event possible twice a year. Put my money towards that Pokemon Blue Reverse Badge run. Good luck DannyB!
HRYAH!
I thought I was done with donations for today, but I won't  say no to Zelda and Ocarina Of Time. Shoutout to DannyB for that crazy owl skip. Donation goes to his choice. 
donating to kill the animals, how much do we need to donate to kill that dang owl?! save them frames!!!
Hey Listen!  Hey, Hey, Hey Listen!  
You may have avoided the guard this time, but little do you know. You reach the end of the game, and just as you run to grab the master sword, you hear the dreaded whistle. The guard will be there. The guard will stop you.
First time donating, but I feel compelled to donate for LoZ.  Ocarina of Time was the first game I saw a speed run of, and right now it's brightening up a very cloudy afternoon here in Sydney.
I remember this game taking weeks to beat. As a result, this game has been and still is part of my life.  Also, thanks to the amazing behind the scenes staff and the awesome donation reader. You've been reading donations for over 3 hours now, keep it up!
Great cause and Great entertainment! Thanks to all the runners and volunteers for providing what is always a summer highlight.
SGDQ has been awesome! Wish I could play the Song of Time and return to the beginning to watch all over again! LOZ:OOT is my favorite game ever! Keep up the great work! Also, HEY LISTEN!
$10 for dem Pokemans run. 
I'M ABOUTA HIT THE YE BUTTON
I'M ABOUTA GO GUCCI IN THE GUCCI STORE
Donated every run, just had to donate this one too during the OoT run. Thanks for all the great things you guys do with this and put this towards runner's choice.
All shall bown down before Lord Grandmaster Zamalam the 3000th!! *Psychic Lightning strikes all of SGDQ* May all the runners have the best RNG!!

Putting this measly 10 dollars to the Pokemon Blue bonus run. Every little bit helps, right? :D Also, shoutouts to MirroredCroutons and The Lurkers <3

P.S. I don't think I've ever had a comment read at a GDQ (been watching since AGDQ 2015) *sob sob*
DannyB, Twitch thinks mechanic abuse is glitching halp

$5 donation goes to announcer's choice :3
I didn't even get past Jabu Jabu as a kid, so I never saw the water temple before the 3DS remake. Shout out to people who weren't so fortunate. 

Let's get more poker mans! 
The GDQ's are the my favorite times of the year, amazing people joining together for amazing causes. With all the bad news I've become so used to hearing, the GDQ's are a welcome change to brighten my year. I'm between jobs right now but I know other people can use this money more than I so it's worth it to give whatever I can. Thanks to all the runners, crew, and organizers for putting on these events and keep being awesome!
This is my second time donating to SGDQ and this one is in honor of HalfCoordinated's run from Tuesday night.  I work with students who have disabilities and I'll be sure to show his speech to them when the school-year starts. 
Long time watcher, first time donator.  Thanks for being the best distraction from work.  Save the frames, save the animals, save Hyrule, save Ganon, MAN I DUNNO SAVE EVERYTHING
Moo moo. Moo. Moo.
 You guys  are always so much fun to watch, and I wish I could catch more runs, but if there's one I'm glad I caught, it's Ocarina of Time. What a great game. Tell the audience to say 'Hi' to my friend Ben! Oh, and Kill the animals.
Good job everyone!

I love what you all do, keep it up!
Here's one dollar for every gold skulltula. You don't need to kill them, so kill the animals instead.
In the words of our hero, HUT! HUT! HEJT! TYAAA! WHAAAA! HUT!

Very moving stuff.
I have to donate simply for use of a metronome app to do such a cool trick in skipping the owl. I'm glad I got to see that live, and mad props to the runner. Good luck with the rest of the run!
When I was a kid I would try to physically look around the corners in the forest temple maze; looking forward to being so engrossed in the temple again.
Kevin & Sara -- We just moved cross-country, but can find solace in the familiarity of SGDQ! Good cause, great fun! 
Not sure I've ever seen a glitchless run before. I suppose I don't need that much sleep tonight anyway!
Nothing faster than starting at the end gotta go in reverse
Had to order that Pepsiman shirt after that insane run. And it's always great to see a long 3D Zelda run. Hyaaaah!
I grew up playing Ocarina of Time so  just had to donate during this run!
Thanks for the entertainment and blowing minds on speed runs. Kill the animals
Staying up way too late to watch this oot run but how could I not?  Donation goes to the Pokémon blue reverse badge run. 
OoT was always one of my favourite Zelda games, so I had to donate again for it.  
Had to donate again for a chance at some sweet Zelda shwag! And to draw attention to the fact that Save the Animals has pulled ahead! Let's get killing!!
When one of my oldest friends got married this year, they said they didn't want wedding presents.  So in honor of them I am donating to SGDQ.  We used to kill cows together so I am donating to the cow level.  Moo moo moo moo.
Keep up the good work!
Ocarina of Time speed runs have taken so much of my viewing time. Awesome to see it run every GDQ event. Good Luck Danny B! Hype?!
Too broke to donate much, but once I become WWE champion, I promise to donate at least $5,000.  By the way, IF YOU WANNA SEE THOSE ANIMALS SAVED AND THOSE FRAMES GET A STONE COLD STUNNER, GIVE ME A HELL YEAH! 
Owl skip was awesome, here's more money for Doctors Without Borders!
HEY! LISTEN!  Ocarina of Time is the best Zelda game and I will fight anyone who says otherwise. Thanks to everyone for putting on such an amazing event, and let's finish it out by killing those animals. 
Started watching AGDQ earlier this year and now the whole family is hooked. Thanks for putting on such a great event and for a great cause. My son is a big Pokemon fan so put this towards the Pokemon bonus run.
I fondly remember that cold day in November '98 when OoT was released. I don't think I've anticipated any game as much in the days leading up to it. My brother and I stayed home "sick" from school just to play the game for the first time. Worth it.

Such good memories from this game. And as always, good feels from GDQ! Thank you, everyone!
Thank You
Shoutouts to the tech crew behind the scenes, and of course the runners for yet another great week! Donation to readers choice.
I sure could go for an ice-cold Lon Lon Pepsi.
For the love of Zelda and for SGDQ's wonderful cause! 
NO COMMENT!
Hello again. Ocarina of Time is a game I grew up with and one of my all-time favorites. I am putting my third donation toward the bonus run of Pokémon Blue. Keep up the awesome runs.
Great run of Pepsiman, Boyks! It was exciting to watch. Another awesome GDQ event for an awesome charity. Keep up the good work.
Haven't missed a GDQ since 2012, have made a tradition of budgeting $500 per, and have been at work patiently waiting for OoT and Final Fantasy VI all week. First donation for this run, can't resist watching it every time and play it annually!

Thank you all for the amazing work done every 6 months and keep at it! 
I don't think there is any game I loved as much as a kid than Ocarina of Time, and the realization that you can skip that owl has ruined my childhood!
Hopefully you're watching this OOT run, Will
First time watching AGDQ. Loving it and for a good cause. 
