My girlfriend and I are loving this race. Super Mario 64 made me want to become a professional game designer. Thanks to all the runners for blowing our minds on a Saturday night. 
Only been following on twitter, but wanted the fun to continue for you guys. Here's to the Mario 64 4-way race!
Congrats to all the runners on another amazing marathon!

Let's go Twitch, gotta beat that donation PB!
Waaaa!
We got this!
Waaaaaaaah
Thanks to all the runners and staff for putting on an awesome event! Super Mario RPG is one of the first games I've played and has always been my favorite.  Let's see some SM64! 
SGDQ2016 has been a blast, and if we can extend it a little further that'd be the best!
Loving this Mario RPG run.  So much nostalgia!
Almost at that Mario 64 number - hyyyyype!
Little late for the mine cart, but great run today, on my favorite Mario game all time.
Races are the best
Lets get the donation train started come on guys!
Every year we'm amazed by GDQ, from the runners crushing so many games, the entire community (WORLD!) raising so much money, and all the folks working behind the scene for such a great cause. Here's my last donation for tonight and this year. Let's finish strong and get all 70 stars!!! 
With the way things are going right now in Dallas and unfortunate situations that escalated, this is a good way to put some good into the world and at the same time watching some sick games being broken. Never donated before but I plan on doing so from now on. Keep up the good work, homies. Much love. 
Rock on.
For helping those less fortunate. 
Kappa Kappa Keepo OpieOP
Keep it up ; great run so far! I've learned so much so far.
Super Mario RPG was the first game that I read the Nintendo Power guide for. Good luck going forward Lack, and here's hoping the RNG gods are kind
The games will never stop. The games will never stop.
Come on, guys, we can break last year's record! Super Mario 64 HYPE! I mean, WEEEHHHHHHHHH.
Donating $12 for correctly guessing 12 flowers in the minigame!!!  #TeamRight
What an amazing experience to be a part of - very sad that it is ending after this. Great organization for a great cause!
Gotta be a part of this wonderful event. 3rd year watching and I want that Super Mario 64 run. HYPE!
First time donating because Lack did that minecart section in under 2 minutes. Let's get that SM64 run in!
Here's my $5 for the sub-2-minute mine cart run!
Nice job with the minecart. I hope you enjoy this miner donation.
Guess I need to toss this in for the sub-2 minecart!
Sub 2:00 Hype!
5 dollars for the sub 2 minute minecart! Just like I was told
Watched for years, first time donating.  Thank you for running SMRPG-- my favourite RPG ever!  Great sub-2 minecart.  From Canada with love.
I'm in for that bet.  Sub 2:00!
Sub 2 minecart! I believe
Putting that money where the mouth is!
Sub-2 Minecart Hype!
SUB 2 MINE CART HYPE
Lackattack earned it.
Ten dollars, plus four for a 1:56 cart, four under 2:00! That's at least four MWEEPs!
First ever donation, donating for me and my boyfriend, who LOVES SMRPG! :D Here's to the amazing SGDQ team, and announcers. <3 Can't wait for another year. 
1:56.95 on mine cart!
For the Super Mario RPG sub 2:00 RUN
1:56
Had to donate for the sub 2:00! Thanks for the awesome event!
First time donator long time watcher. Way to go Lackattack
sub 2:00 mini-cart game!
well done!
Sub 2 Hype!
Honestly I owe so much more to speedruns being one of the main things I would watch to help distract myself from my depression. Thank you for the entertainment and the good cause, hope to donate more later days
Another donation dedicated to my grandmother who passed away early this morning,  I love and miss you grandma! 
Another very amazing week coming to a close, and some very amazing games closing it out. I'd like to thank everyone at SGDQ  for another fantastic marathon. Waiting for AGDQ 2017 will be like waiting for the next season of Game of Thrones.
Sadly, moving has caused me to miss much of the runs this year, but that won't stop me from sneaking in a donation at the end. Much love to all the runners. Can't wait for  AGDQ.
Yo Lack.   Hanging out in Toadpole Pond, waiting for your 100% run so you can come write some sweet jams with me.   Good luck.   ThisIsIt.  #TEAMLACK
ive been waiting for this run all week I almost beat this on wii virtual console and i really want that cart a guide walluigi hype
Donating for my favorite game of all time. So stoked that this is the finale. Best of luck to Lackattack!
Go Lack! THIS IS IT!
Had to donate for the SMROG run, hope the run goes great and WAAA!
Another amazing SGDQ. Thanks to all the runners and the event organisers. 
Shoutouts to the Skype kids!
Been wanting to donate all week but I had to wait for payday to roll around! I was very excited to see some of my childhood favorites destroyed this week: Bubble Ghost, Kirby's Dreamland, Final Fantasy VII, and Super Mario RPG coming up!?  This was a very exciting SGDQ and the money raised is going for a great cause. Thank you runners. Let the doctors save something, it's your job to kill the animals!
I did pacifist run in Undertale, I'll save the animals here!

That's just my two cents though..
another great sgdq...had my bet on sweetnumb so I’m donating my loss...great run guys and of course SAVE THE ANIMALS
Saving the animals only keeps them alive, while killing them kills them FOUR TIMES.  its just value people, kill the animals.
Go Zoast! My wife and 3-year old are pulling for you!
No words... Never Stop
SGDQ ending is breaking my heart! Thanks for the good times this week!
Thanks to everyone who makes these events as incredible as it is ! First time donating, long time watcher  ! With that last minute announcement, i had to donate. Come on everyone ! Let's beat SGDQ's PB of last year !
Long time fan, first time donating.  Putting this to kill the animals because it's called speed running, not slowing down running.
Home alone with my two dogs, a beer, and four great runners running the best speedrun ever made. Not a bad way to end a day. 

Best of luck to all the runners, and please, save those animals. 
Been looking forward to this all week - my favorite game from my favorite series. Long time watcher, first time donor.  Save the animals!
Shoutouts to Dan and Tim. ¡VIVAN LOS ANIMALES!
My wife said leave those animals alone, so I guess that means kill those animals!!!
Save those space animals!
biinny lovin action
LOVE 4 DS DAD
LOVE 4 MERICA MOM
LOVE 4 TABLET DADLET
SAVE THE ANIMALS
Save the Frames!
kill all the animals
Thanks to all the runners, volunteers, and other contributors for making this great event something I can continue to look forward to year over year. Save the animals!
My husband always tries to get the animals killed so this is my counter donation to save them!
I have been watching the GDQ events for the last two years, and this is my first time donating. I really enjoy seeing speedrunners master my favorite games for a great cause. Thank you for all that you do, and congrats on collecting $1,000,000 to help Doctors Without Borders! I know this isn't much, but I hope this helps. #SaveTheAnimals
FFVI was my all time favorite game for many years, and I couldn't be happier to see it being run! Also need to give a shout out to my dude, Fred_Shred, on the upcoming birth of his baby boy. Baby Hawthorne this is for you!
I've got a fever and the only prescription is more Demon Chocobo.
Shame I've had such a busy week. I look forward to binge-watching everything in the coming month.  What you all do is amazing.
Ask not what the demon chocobo can do for you, ask what you can do for good taste.
[Fr] Hey thank you very much for the event. Great job !

I love Final Fantasy 8. My favorite part is when Sephiroth fights Sora.
All hail demon chocobo! Also, kill the animals, because they're all demonic or something.
Thanks for a great week of entertainment. Kill the animals!
Cant believe our Donation will be the first One that is read out! Lets hit that 10k soon! Wish you all a nice start to AGDQ 2015 ! 
Greetings from the Internet Explorer Team
Here is a donation for a worthy cause during the best rpg ever made.
Another wonderful week of speed running for a good cause. Keep up the good work.
Greatings from Germany!

Those animals are kinda cute! So let's save the animals!
I've been waiting all week to see that train get suplexed. Kill the animals. 
Thank you Yetee, my eyes needed that.
I love this game so much, but it's missing one thing: SPONNY BARDS
The demon chocobo is a false god! Oh, I'm too late? Kill the animals!
Final Fantasy VI is one of my favorite JRPGs. I've loved the runs so far and I'm sure FF VI will be no exception.

P.S. Please don't let those animals die.
Thanks for this great event!
I just watched the TAS block in mobile quality on the worst Internet connection of all times... that sounds like a good excuse to watch it again later!
3rd donation of the GDQ Locke HYPE!
I just got out of a pokemon go stupor and realized SGDQ is almost over - gotta get my donation in! Thanks all for another fantastic event!
Awesome Pokemon block. 
Thanks for inspiring a 35-year-old to get excited about gaming once again. Can I get a Hello Kitty Adventure Island "hype"?  
casual lee
Let's get that merchant locke glitch!
TAS  vs Mitch HYPE!
Happy to support TASBot and a great cause. Just as doctors save lives, let's save the animals. 
This is my first time watching SGDQ so also my first time donating! Started watching for the Metroid Prime run, but stayed for the incredible moments of generosity and overall awesome work by all. Here's a donation inspired by Alice, and oh yeah, let's save those animals!
Kaedenn here. dwangoAC, I told you I'd donate, so here's my money.

Put this towards dwangoAC's choice. Just kidding, kill the animals.

When are we going to get a Windows or N64 total control?
First time watching but definitely won't be my last. Keep up the good work!
V Six Times is one of my favorite games and has my absolute favorite video game soundtrack. ThePause music is my ringtone! Veni, Vidi, Vici!
The people here never fail to impress me. keep up the good work!
Great SGDQ!
Greetings from Germany and save those animals.
First time watching, already transfixed by it! It's not much, but I hope it helps!
Many thanks for the entertainment and all of the amazing work you've all done since GDQ started.

I'm voting to save the animals because, as we all know, that's canon.
TAS block hype!
Just a little bit to help out a good cause, come on guys and pile it on to hit that million dollar mark.
Much love to Stumpo from a fellow former Lab Manager. So hype to see you on the couch for such an awesome run.
So stoked for the backwards gym run!  Best of luck!
Man versus machine? How could I not donate to a modern day John Henry challenge.
This speed run is bringing back so many memories and I always love the nostalgia trip that GDQ provides. Good luck to the speedrunners and thank you for supporting this cause. Looking forward to next years Pokémon Go speedrun. Hope ya'll have good cardio!
Second time catching the SGDQ and I'm loving every moment  of it.  I had to donate during the Red run because Pokemon has helped me to get to where I am today.
Finally donating now that I got paid! Thanks for a great SGDQ. Praise the sun and save the animals!
Need one of those gen 1 posters.  They look glorious. 
Just had my wisdom teeth out yesterday morning, so I've had a lot of time to sit on the couch and watch all of these amazing speed runs.  Thanks to the staff of sgdq and all of the runners for putting on this event.  
I like shorts! They're  comfy and easy to wear!

Pokémon Blue run hype!
I love the SGDQ event so much. It's amazing to be able to watch the gaming community come together for this event. Shout out to my amazing girlfriend Natalie. Thanks for understanding my need to nerd out. Let's get the Pokemon Blue run! 
I love this event and everything about it. I love Pokemon a lot, too. But most of all I love my incredible wife Renee...who spent the whole morning playing Pokemon Go with me! So, for her, SAVE THE POKEMO--I MEAN  ANIMALS!
If you don't go in the room, how can you be sure that there are even animals in there?
That was the second greatest cow massacre i've ever seen.
salutations from Norway. SGDQ doing it's thing once again. 
Let's break that million. also, kill the animals
Amazing event, everyone. I somehow managed to miss all my other favorite games live, so here's to Pokemon Best... I mean Blue.
First time I've been able to donate, so here's £20 for each event I've watched so far. Thank you to everyone involved for the many hours of entertainment you provide over the years.
Great job all! Always love watching! Played way too much D2 back in the day, Sorceress all the way.
Excited to see enough donations to get the cow level. Glad we were able to RAL-ly to meet that TAL ORT-er. Funding it alone would've been RUNE-ous.
This was one of the first games I played on PC growing up, and I can put off housework until we kill the cows! Thanks for the run, the awesome cause, and the great personalities! #moomoreannouncerman
Holla holla get the moo-moo dollas
Knock, Knock.
Whose there?
The interrupting cow.
The inter....MOOOO
Shout outs to Teo, RyuQuezacotl and Uncapable! Really jealous of Krono and Jaxam right now! Good luck MrLlama, sub 1:30. Let's keep the D2 runs going at GDQ. Let's build a MILLION DOLLARS, hype hype hype!
Happy Llama, sad Llama,  mentally disturbed Llama,  super Llama, drama Llama, big fat mama Llama Llama, Llama, Llama, who is this big Llama? It is great to see  you at another GDQ Mr.Llama. Good luck man and save those Barbs! Chain mail HYPE!!
Cows must die !
I'm sorry I can't give more, but I've been a long time watcher and I can't not donate. Thank you to all the runners and crew at Games Done Quick for such an awesome entertainement
Donating for Pokémon Blue! But seriously loving typing of the dead.  Be happy and get fat! Indomitable Resolve. Sorbetti on gelati.

Love watching when I can!
Pokemon are red,
Pokemon are blue,
gen one is the worst,
just my opinion; don't sue.
I love seeing my childhood games mastered, thanks for the great entertainment! Save the animals!
I woke up early because i taught the Diablo run was at 8 this morning. Can't  wait to hear  «mew mew mew mew».  Keep up the good work. This is phenomenal.
Yep, I got stuck in the palm tree puzzle.
WE LOVE YOU FEZMAN!
Great run for a great game! Keep up the good work!
Going to be dead on my feet at work tomorrow, but totally worth it! I can't count the number of times the Ocarina run has made me yell "WHAT" at my TV. First time watching SGDQ and loving it all. Well done everyone! 
Love watching this amazing run! I think the best part of this run is not having to watch any of the Dead Hand fights, because if you weren't scared by them when you  were a kid...then I don't know about you :P. In all seriousness, amazed at this incredible community banding together for a wonderful cause! 
First time donating love gdq!! Had to donate during oot.  And pleaae save the animals!!
Hey everyone, first time donating. I've been working all week, but catching what I can and everything has been awesome so far! HYPE for Ocarina glitchless! 

Also, let's save those animals for once!
Thanks for everything you guys are doing! OOT HYPE!
FIFTY RUPEES?!
It's dangerous to go without a loan, so take this!
Don't worry, you can keep it. Just make sure that it's a secret to everybody! 
Doctors without borders is one hell of a charity, and Zelda is one hell of a series. To all my bros out there, let's support the cause and remember... TS
Had to donate during my favorite childhood game. Good luck on the run DannyB.
Thanks for the Pepsi Man speed run, it turned my bad right around and put a smile on my face. Thanks to all the runners, staff, volunteers, viewers and attendants for supporting, sharing, and working on such a great cause. Thank you GDQ community for being so awesome. Sending positive feelings from California
All he wanted was a pepsi! Just a pepsi!

Keep up the great work, everyone. Heck of an event so far!
Hello Stream, lets make the glitch exhibition for zelda oot happen!! =D HIYA!
Lox ftw luofy
Excited for OOT! I've played this game 100s of times and I love it. Good luck to the runner
I'm so glad to see GDQ running again! Here's to good runs and a good cause!
Been waiting for Ocarina all week, easily the best Zelda in the entire series!   Let's keep all the support rolling in and make the glitchless exhibition a reality!!!
Pepsi is pop, not soda.  Also, PepsiMan is the best game I have ever seen.
Awesome job to everyone involved with SGDQ 2016! Always love to see an OoT glitch exhibition. Dug the Draft Magic videos back in the day, Boyks. Good luck on your run! 
It was an awesome Super Mario Maker! I'm sure Mr. Iwata would be very happy to see the awesome things this game encourages people to do. May his spirit be full of joy wherever he is.
Thank you everyone for making this event possible!

Donation goes to SAVE THE FRAMES.
Greetings from Perú!
Awesome to see Pepsiman at GDQ. Tell me about the speed tech in this game; I heard there's a run button. Love from your speedfamily. Save the frames!
Here's to the best video game theme song of all time.  this is a good cause .PEPSI PEPSI, PEPSI MAAAAAANNNNNN
Also be careful about that giant Pepsi can
Thanks to everyone who makes these events possible. Let's keep GDQ growing and growing every year!
Blind Mario is easily the most entertaining game so far. Kill the frames, save the wahhnimals
Can we get Jaku and Panga to kiss or something? We need more from them!!
duuuude, clearing happy walljumping happyday or whatever it was called was absolutely amaaazing. Wahoo! Thanks for showing the impossible can be done.


Such a great time. I am missing a sleepover to watch the race. You guys are Mario Making my night!
:)
This Mario Maker run can only be described one way: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!! Put this towards the Ocarina of Time Glitch Exhibition. 
Too bad this only happens twice a year. Here's to another SGDQ! VAI BRASIL
Its now 4am here in germany but i cant go to sleep now because of that awesome battle here :D
I just had to donate now even tho its not mutch but it still helps :)
I love all of you guys keep going <3

And SAVE THE ANIMALS!
Shout out to Zic3
Last time the donators craved
To see animals all unscathed
So fluffy and cute
And harmless to boot
This time too they should be KILLED MERCILESSLY

Let's get that bonus level! 
Last super mario maker race was awesome so we need more of it. Super mario maker HYPE
Mwahaha! I cannot WAIT to see Mario fall flat on his stupid, mustache'd face over, and over in the race. Here, take 100 coins for that extra bonus level to make sure that happens. It will please me!
Been donating every GDQ for a few years now and it's one of my favorite events. I'm looking forward to the Mario Maker race - it was a real highlight from AGFQ 2016.
Caleb is the man!! <3 <3
Megaman is still one of my favorite games to watch speed runs of. Love this block! Keep up the good work runners! This event is easily one of the best gaming events out there. 
You guys are amazing for doing these events! Good luck on destroying X3 Caleb! Split this for naming Sabin "Caleb" and I'll mix things up this event: Kill the amimals!
Show arms please, thanks Caleb. That gym time looks like it paid off. Also, please fix the couch.
Hey second time trying to get my comment read, travelled all the way from London, England to attend this amazing event and it's the best decision I have ever made.

Megaman Zero HYPE!

Also donation for runner's choice
Living without running water in Fairbanks, Alaska, but have Internet to watch SGDQ! Just watched two SMW runs in the time it took me to wash dishes. Either I'm too dirty, or you guys are too good at Mario.

Don't be jerks. Save the animals.
Hi everyone, this is the first GDQ event I've been able to watch live and it's been absolutely breathtaking. I've been waiting for the MegaMan X/ZX block all week, so I'm putting 25 towards the ZX Advent intro and 25 towards saving the animals!
DRINK PEPSI ! LIVE PEPSI ! BE PEPSI ! PEPSIMAN !
tfw you realize you know the guy on the couch in a way totally unrelated to speed running.
Cx
First time watching GDQ live - love what you are doing.  Bring on the extra Mario Maker level!
Love the fact that you have broken my childhood in this game.  Keep up the good work.  Put $25 for Mario Maker and the other is runner's choice.
Super Mario Maker?!!!  Blind team relay race?!! Shut up and take my money!


Pants! Also waaaah.
Missed the Crypt run last night, but I gotta see that low% mario run!
Man, this gravy is giving me so much energy.

Money goes to Ebloodycandy's choice.
This Kirby block has been amazing. Congrats to all the runners. Also looking forward to the upcoming Mario block. Speaking of Mario, let's get the bonus low% Super Mario World run in!
Had to donate during the Kirby block. Kirby was one of my favorite series growing up.  This donation goes to the low% for Super Mario world run.
Shout out to all the Kirby speedrunners today! Kirby is one of my favorite games series and it's always great to watch you guys speeding through the games for a great cause. You all rock!
I couldn't resist donating again during the Kirby block. even set an alarm so I didn't miss it. Good luck to Mr. Shasta and the to the runners of the 3 way Dream Land race! Poyo~
Took time off work to attend this, so glad you guys are in Minnesota this time! It has been a blast so far, and hopefully this won't be the last time we see you lovely guys and gals  in Minnesota.  Nightmare in Dreamland is one of my favorite Kirby games,  been looking forward to this and many other runs this weekend. Sgdq hype! 
Had to donate because the announcer's Kirby impressions are changing my life right now!
I love Kirby and I love this Kirby block! Nightmare in Dream Land was my first Kirby game and still one of my favorites, can't wait to see Mr_Shasta blaze through it. 

Put this donation to Super Mario World Low% run, gotta see that little guy go!
Let's be honest if Kirby came across a animal he would suck it to the other dimension that is known as his stomach. Kill the Animals  
low% needs to happen
Save the animals. You gotta do it. You gotta. You gotta do it. You gotta. You gotta do it. You gotta. You gotta do it. You gotta. 
I love watching these speedruns, but I want it to last longer, so let's save the animals! Also, let's get some chimichangas!
First time watching live, first time donating.  Always amazed at the skill on display.  Good luck to all the runners.
Wow, this runners accent is super sexy. Do you have any audio books you've recorded that I can listen to? Money goes to the runners choice obviously! 
Shoutout to Nachoyacopu. This game seems really weird/fun. Donation to runners choice!
Good luck on your run Nacho! We are all counting on you! Show them what Yacopu can do. These 10$ go towards your choice.  I wanna congratulate everybody to  a great marathon so far, keep up the good work!
Not even close but at least you tried! So have more dollars!
Amazin event so far, looking forward for even more awesome runs. 
And iam curiouse about this Tickle the Elephant so take my money :D 
This is my third year watching and every year i'm up to my neck in bills. Well this year is no different but I can spare the 10 dollar  for this great event! Put this to the announcers chose. 
You have managed to convince me to help with the Pause Ahead All Secrets incentive.  Here's 20 to help towards that goal and hopefully some more people out there can assist with making this happen.  You're all amazing and keep doing what you're doing.
Hi
Had to donate during Shantae, great game, great series. Wayforward give squid transformation pls.
First time donating, what you all do is amazing. Never stop going fast!!!
Go team Rotty Tops!
Glad to see some awesome games during the graveyard shift!  Good luck Toucan, and of course, save the animals!
My first time seeing any kind of speed running. Very cool, and awesome that you are doing this for such a great cause! Sorry I can't donate more!
Time to get these tunes stuck in my head again.
Hey Vyrek! We're super sleepy, but this is an awesome run category and our eyes are glued! <3 Pink/Blue Rage
Thank you for the advice, my now awake dog also would like to thank you so here's 5 dollars from us both
I know these aren't bottlecaps so they aren't worth much in the game but I hope charity can make use of it. The GDQ community is truly fantastic and fills my heart with a warmth that takes AT LEAST two games of League of Legends to get rid of. 
One clap for Ben Habib
Announcer got it right so here is the 20 I promised. Money to announcer's choice this time. 
Hang on, I'm confused, so this guy Ed programmed this game?
I started my transition 5 months ago and hearing ProGamingWithEd give that shoutout to his girlfriend brought a tear to my eye. Donation goes to the "lovely lady on the couch"'s choice.
Thanks to the runners and all of the people that help to make this happen every year. This is my fourth time watching these events and they get better every year . My mom is a vegan so save those animals.
Thanks to everyone that makes this event possible, I look forward to many more great GDQ events in the future!
I've watched rah of the GDQ events now for 3 years running and it's honestly something I look forward to throughout the year. I admire so greatly the determination and conviction of MSF as well as the GDQ community. In our own ways we are reaching out to make a difference the best way we know how. I've never had my comment read, but if this does get read there'll be another 25 donated :). Save the frames and kill the animals, Lets-ah-go!
Oblivion is the reason I bought my 360 in high school, so I'm so glad we get to see it as part of the whole anthology!!
Donating for continuity! Need to see all of the elder scrolls in a row. Also hype for fallout!
I love you.
What does the Hotkey DO???
Thanks for running some classic Elder Scrolls games.  I just wish I could convince my friend to play Morrowind instead of buy the Skyrim HD rehamster.  So, please, kill the animals.
been looking forward to the elder scrolls runs all week. Good luck to all the runners, may RNGesus hear your prayers.
OBLIVION HYPE
Can't wait for some Elder Scrolls. Good Luck to all the Runners.


Put this towards that Oblivion Any% Incentive 
I am broke as a joke but still wanted to donate for myself and my fiance for our first live GDQ.  We are getting married in just over a week, so thanks to all involved for giving us a break from the stress of wedding planning. Hope the runners have quick times while my fiance and I have the long ones.
Not a Trials fan but watching this is crazy. Can't wait for the Mario maker exhibition later this week. Save the Animals!
For Metal Husband and my many ghost sons.
Let's get that invisible bike!
Tetris Grandmaster... THESE PLAYERS ARE UNBELIEVABLE!!! 
This is speedgaming :)
I work at Mcdonald's so this is all i could give. Have loved watching this all week! Thank you to all the staff and everyone who made this SGDQ happen! Shout out to no one because I don't have friends :,)
Long-time watcher. The Tetris block once again is blowing my mind.  Definitely the highlight of GDQ events for me, so here's my $10 chat challenge contribution. Putting my money towards meeting that Trials Invisible Bike showcase!
1st time ever watching SGDQ. I would love to visit myself next year! I NEVER EVEN KNEW TETRIS COULD BE PLAYED IN SUCH A FASHION AMAZING. Thanks everyone for participating and donating for this amazing cause! :D greetings from MD, USA!
Love Tetris. Let's see some invisible bike. 
Hey SGDQ! Wow oh wow has this Tetris block been amazing! Here's $55 for  reader's choice! Thanks!
This donation goes out to the family members and loved ones of those lost in the tragic 2015 bombing of a doctors w/o borders hospital in northern Afghanistan.  While SGDQ is going on we must remember those who support the organization with their lives which may be extinguished by both friend or foe.  Thank you.
We can work together to resooooooooooolve this setup time to benefit us both .


hi snacky
That feeling when you realize that KevinDDR is also ranked 14th in the world at pinball.
Let's go Qleeeeeeeeexxxxxxxxxx

- Runner's Choice -
two worlds get
Loving the runs, and the announcer's adorable voice!  Can't wait for the Fallout 3 run later tonight.  Donation goes to announcer's choice.
Just doing my part to donate! Good luck to all the runners, it's been a great marathon so far!
Double U double  double u dot movies worth of slash entertainment stop

That was mean, so I'm putting this towards saving the animals.
I've enjoyed SGDQ now for two years.  Here's my "movie worth" of donations.  Loving all the NES and SNES game runs, really brings me back to my childhood.  Thanks for all the work everybody does to make the event happen!
Great cause and event. Keep it up. Greetings from Germany.
Can't think of anything witty, so here's something heartfelt: 

Love the GDQ events! Great people, great entertainment, and all for a great cause. Keep up the excellent work! 
First time donating - Great cause and great show! Thank you for being so awesome! Kill the animals!
Keep up the great work over at SGDQ! Kill them animals.
Really enjoying the event, keep the Glitching alive!
The Iron Boots do stuff, you heathen! But even Nintendo Magazine said they didn't do anything back in the day. But they damage mobs when you swing into them. Get schooled by noob!
Donating to see more Skyrim tonight. Shoutouts to Chari and Swak; also, kill the animals.
Greetings, you magnificient bastards! I just couldn't resist donating when I saw Shatterhand made it into the schedule. It's just awesome to see a video game character that rivals Bruce Campbell in manliness. Good luck to Klaige and by the way... save the animals!
This game reminds me of Secret of Mana, but it might have just won in cool factor because you get to ride Kangaroos around.  Keep up the great work all the runners, you guys are da real MVP's raising all this money.  This donation goes to runner's choice.
Spent many of my weekends as a 12 year old playing this game. Been meaning to replay it lately but I'll let Puwexil do it instead.  Also, in honor of poor Hamlet's selfless sacrifice, I have to say we save the animals.
Hi all at SGDQ. Greeting from England! I love illusion of Gaia, one of the best SNES games. Missing secret of mana run this year but the week has been amazing so far! Big thanks to all the runners, techys, announcers, Sponcer's and all that make this event great! First donation after a few years of watching. It's not much but ever little helps right?

Keep up the good fight guys!!
Puwexil + IoG is an amazing combination. A bob on the microphone. a random Vulajin and green Takaze. Excellent

Enjoy the run, thank you for running and good luck :)

This goes to Takazes choice
Hey announcer, what's your name ? I love your voice. <3
I am a vegan
save the animals
RIP chat
good luck all 
Still waiting for a Pokémon glitch exhibitionism, still skyrim will suffice. Unlucky that my vacation isn't until next week, so far 20GB of data been used while watching at work!
Thanks for the awesome stream and thank YOU, donators with hillarious puns. 
AMAZING runs byou both JN and Simpol.  Great job guys!
@GDQ - Love this event! Keep up the good work you all and... wait, O_o What? We can kill the animals in SuperMetroid?! "Shut up and take my money!!"

--Information for french restream use--
Game: Zelda II
Twitch account: Lodjak
But when's Zelda: Breath of the Wild???
Kappa Kappa Kappa
Shut up and take my money, you sexy beast you
I really hated doing this final level in a casual run, Can't wait to see it be smashed in a speedrun. Good luck CavemanDCJ
Klonoa was my favourite character as a kid so I'm super happy to see it at a marathon. Caveman makes it look so much easier than it seemed when I was young!
Greetings from Italy SGDQ! When I was a child a friend told me that if you can beat the game really fast Klonoa would get to stay in the ending cinematic, I tried my best but I'm starting to think that was a lie... You should prove that! Let this money go to runner choice!
I'd really prefer it if you'd be quiet...
Glad to see a Klonoa game in a GDQ. Fan of the series and used to speedrun Klonoa 2 myself. Good luck to the runner.
This isn't SGDQ anymore. It's now officially druken lets play. I'm clapping like an idiot in front of a 20 inch monitor and I am enjoying this every bit.  Keep up the good work Bonesaw.
Right foot let's stomp!
Left foot let's stomp!
FREEEZE

Everybody clap your hands!!
I believe in you Bonesaw! #stayinalive #doyourbreathing
No clapping allowed.
$350 fine
Bonesaw, on behalf of Canada, we're sorry about all this.

Hope you get some WELL deserved rest after this run.
I had to donate after seeing the chemistry between PCull and Bonesaw. Bonesaw and PCull for cutest SGDQ couple! This donation goes towards hearing PCull's dulcet pipes during Aladdin. And happy belated Canada Day, Bonesaw!
Hey everyone! Had to make a donation during Bonesaw's run. His AGDQ 2014 run is still one of my favorites to go back and rewatch because of his energy and humor. Good luck in the rest of the run, and kill the animals!
I AM A SOLOOOOOOOOOO PLAYERRRRRRRRRRRR(kirito voice) sword art online runners choice 
Shoutout to SGDQ and my favorite game ever!  Also shoutout to Bonesaw whose AGDQ 2014 Jak run inspired me to start running it myself.  Kill the animals, especially the sculptor's muse, it made me babyrage as a kid.
First time catching the marathon live, and glad I finally get to donate. I love seeing these games broken, and hearing the commentary explaining the glitches. Kudos to all the runners and the staff keeping this event running smoothly.
Been watching for a few years, first time donating. Let's a go. 
I love Deus Ex, need to donate during one of my favorite games. May the Illuminati smile brightly upon you, Heinki. 
The stream has been destroying my data plan when Im out and about but its been awesome to watch live for the first time. Shout out to Caspa 9141 who is watching in Sydney, Australia right now! have a good one brother!
No comment.
This is for halfcoordination's speech after his run. It's helping me get out of this recent funk I've been about my wheelchair. Thanks for an awesome summer games done quick.
If you don't have enough time to save the animals you weren't going fast enough.
Kaiser here, wishing you the best of luck on the run. Good luck on the Neurosphere rocket jump!

The Doom community will be cheering you on!
Hello there everyone at SGDQ. I wanted to donate earlier but I didn't have my money yet. Here's a tenner for charity. Also if everyone in the chat/room yells "I DO IT FOR THE LASAGA" I will donate an extra $10. Keep it up with these good runs.
If I hear Doom one more time I'm literally lighting my self on fire. My last words will be "save the animals".
Tremble mortals and despair, DOOM has come to this world!
James Earl Jones (TM) would say
"Thalsa DOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!"
Discovered GDQ for the fist time with AGDQ 2016 and have been looking forward to SGDQ ever since.  Glad to be able to help out a great cause and watch some awesome displays of skills.  Good luck runners and thank you everyone who makes this possible.  DOOM!
shout out the the guy with the DOOM sign, LEST GO DOOM!
I love GDQ, but this year is going to be missing something if we don't have as much DOOM as possible.  
Thanks for some amazing runs, great fun to watch and great cause to donate to. Put this towards the Ultimate Doom extra run
Hmm...  To save frames means to make the frames not exist...  So can we save the animals by making them not exist?  Say by obliterating them in an exploding planet?

I must think about this more, so in the meantime, let's have more Disney singalongs!
I have a Little Mermaid themed gaming Youtube channel, so I had to donate during this speedrun!
I must hear THE John Carls's lovely voice
Best of luck V0oid, French version pour la victoire!
Shoutouts to ZeraTheMant on the couch, put this to his choice!
Loving SGDQ so far.
Put this towards giving our mermaid-man his guitar.
This is my fourth (...fifth) GDQ event that i have ever watched, but my first time donating. Even though i haven't been here since the beginning, it's still amazing to see just how much the even has grown. it's astonishing to see how much people in the gaming community are willing to do for such a great cause. I am excited to see some amazing runs. And, where are all my fellow weebs in chat?
Happened to tune in and noticed that Zero Mission was about to start. I have always loved the Metroid series and have done a few Super Metroid runs myself. See you next mission!
Long time watcher, first time donator. I just want to give a shoutout to the bongobrothers
It amazes me how the speedrunner can do commentary and gameplay at the same time so seemingly effortlessly
What did Silver say to Sonic when he opened the fridge?

"There's no juice!"
Enjoying this Kill la Kill spoeedrun.
I've been waiting all day for this particular run because Sonic Adventure 2 Hero Story is exactly what got me into speedrunning back in 2013. It introduced me to an awesome community, and Talon has been one of the best inspirations for me to try to improve my pb. Keep up the great work everyone, and best of luck to you in the run, Talon!
Hey Talon! Good luck on the run! Here's hoping for City Escape skip! Chat, get ready for some FAKER hype.
Talons choice for this donation!
The puns this year are cracking me up. Seriously though, such an event for such a good cause is no yolk. Danray is making this game look over easy. Time to do my part and shell out some cash, so I scrambled to get in my donation during this eggcellent run. 
Hey guys! Second time watching GDQ, third time donating. Played this game so much as a kid, the cartridge doesn't work anymore. Love seeing it broken by an amazing runner, feeling so much nostalgia right now. Money goes to runner's choice.
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
My friend wanted to say that she thinks the Runner is cute and we wanted to remind him to stay hydrated.  Also, shout out to my boyfriend. Love you, Nerd!
I took a week off of work to watch this amazing event.  It's my 4th GDQ and it's always great.
Looking forward to Super Metroid and seriously we can't make it easy SAVE THE ANIMALS
What's up SGDQ!!!
3rd year watching, first time donating. This event is a major happening for me each year, a week full of awesome games to watch. 

Put this into killing the poor innocent animals! Salutes from Viking-Sweden!
First time watcher and first time donator. Can't wait for the Super Metroid speedrun. Let's kill the boosted animals!
Discovered GDQ after last year's SGDQ had completed.  Was able to donate to AGDQ 2016, and it's time to do the same for #SGDQ2016.  As always, this is speedrunning, so this first $50 of #SGDQ2016 goes towards killin' dem tasty, tasty animals!
I just had to donate to 2dos.

Greetings to the whole dk64 community from unlink

MiniOven DosBag DosBag

PS: Kill The Animals
I love watching DK64 as a speed game, this game know no boundaries. Shout out to bingo and all the misc. categories.
Accidentally ended up on twitch, now I can't stop watching these speedruns.  Here's to a great Super Mario 64 DS run.  Also save the animals.
Hey everyone! Long time watcher, first time donator from Texas. Currently sitting in the airport on my way to be there with y'all! Can't wait to see all of the action in person.
Greetings from England! Thanks again for another fantastic marathon.

And what's this? Burning Rangers, one of my favourite games of all time (and much missed after my Saturn died) making an appearance? FANTASTIC! I'm really looking forward to this run - good luck to soothingplumtea!

Please put half of this donation to naming Terra "Alice" in FFVI, and half towards saving the animals in Super Metroid (because if you haven't got time to save the animals, you're not going fast enough!)

Thanks,
Ashley
Love Little Big Planet! Deathless run took me a long time! Thanks for running it!
Don't have much to say, just wanted to donate for the cause and hear the announcer pronounce my name!
Hey Bawk keep up the amazing work! Bad RNG bugs me man, IT REALLY BUGS ME.

LETSAGO
Hey guys, loving the speedrun  so far! I never had the guts to play through any of the silent hill games myself but Bawkbasoup is so chill about it it makes me want to go try again. Keep up the good work, lets-a-go!
(Announcer please read out loud) It's wednesday my dudes!
Had to donate during Ty the Tasmanian Tiger, loved that game as a kid, love seeing it get destroyed as an adult. Donation goes to save the animals to repent for the runner's mistakes regarding pacifism ;o
Don't worry Ty the Tasmanian Tiger Dev, Twitch Chat loves you.
This is my first time donating to gdq and it won't be my last. Thank you to everyone contributing to this wonderful cause, so stay great and save the animals.
First time donating, long time lurker. Keep up the amazing runs!!
Shout Out To The Runners Demons Crest was a childhood favorite of mine, i could never get past a certain point but it was still fun, Also Im Calling out my Friend Soona To Donate Another 5 Dollars
What do call small figurines walking through tiny houses carved out with a router?

...

Doll tours, with house bored doors.
My buddy and I are watching this all night and it's his birthday, so please read this. Happy birthday Stefan, AKA Flippy McChip Tooth!!!
I've seen all the GDQs since 2011, keep up the good work! Love this game. I also like LP3Cinema humor, so you have earned a follower!
Love all you guys do, really happy to support SGDQ. Keep up all the good work dude, and lets kill those animals dude.
Greetings from the remote lands of Chile. Demon's Crest is an incredibly underrated game, I'm glad to see it being completed. Good luck for all the runners. Also, save the frames, kill the animals. 
I promised I'd try to donate every time I turn on the stream, so here's my second time today! This Contra 3 run is very entertaining, thanks Drifter! I love this event and everything you guys do. Kill the animals! 
Get your crochet on !
One of the first games AugsFTW introduced me to ;)  RIP, miss you every day. 
I love this event so much! I've tuned in for years now and hopefully will for years to come.
One handed HYPE! Cause two hands is for casuals
Amazing work guys! Keep up the good work and save the animals <3 also question for chat: if you could choose a starting pokemon (charmander, squirtle or bulbasaur?) who would it be? 
Thank you Halfcoordinated. You represent a small but proud clique of gamers, and you carry that mantle with pride.
Thank you to halfcoordinated, for making me cry a little bit. He is a wonderful amazing beautiful person. Donation goes to halfcoordinated's choice. 
HalfCoordinated made me do it
Save the animals, since Half seems intent on killing himself as a cat.
Meow. Meow Meow, Meow Meow Meow Meow Meow. Meow. (That's "Half, you're awesome and should put this towards your choice, thanks for the amazing run" in cat.)
Amazing job on the Momodora run, really psyched to see this game in a GDQ!

Put my donation towards naming Sabin John Cena in FF6

Death to Anime
Just wanted to wish Vulajin good luck on his Escape Goat 2 run and thank the whole speedrunning community for making games like ours more interesting. Keep up the hard work with the marathon, everyone!
Mindless twitch chat donation. Moo.
Wow. I wasn't going to donate until later in the week, but I'm absolutely floored by that Dustforce run! That was really amazing. And the interview with the Freedom Planet dev in the run beforehand was very insightful. I'm just really, really impressed with you guys. I've been watching since the first and you guys have gotten so good at doing this every year. Amazing work, you guys. Keep it up!
Long time watcher first time donating, Dustforce looks like a lot of fun and you make it look easy. They should add a level where you clean up after Super Meat Boy's mess. Kill the animals.
sup grim and red! rooseChamp rooseChamp rooseChamp rooseChamp rooseChamp rooseChamp rooseChamprooseChamp
Grim - Blindfolded final boss hype!

Also - Save the animals.
Have to donate during Freedom Planet, my favorite game since the start of the year. Thanks so much to Galaxy Trail for it's existence and to Fladervy for this great run. 

I always knew Milla was OP, but this is something else!
Can't  give much, but have to give something nonetheless. My money goes towards naming Terra Alice, because Alice seems to be an amazing girl.
We saved the Empress during Dishonored, we saved Romscout's DoS run, clearly we have to go for the triple play and Save The Animals!
Watched GDQ for many years, Shout out to romscout, Kill All The animals
Here is my Alice Match donation, please follow suit.
Let us continue the Alice trend, I have matched you 10fold. Let you continue to be an inspiration for years to come. 
Wooops, I thought you said 5.42 so I donated that last time. Here's the correct amount for the Piggy-Bank Train.
Piggy Piggy HYYYYPE!
Here is my contribution to a great cause. Cheers from Finland, let us meet at the marketplace
"Quiet time", says the man on fire who is throwing exploding bats at his feet in an attempt to climb a cliff.
Hey Bryce, It's Oliver_xx and Osco we're back home and the smash homes are on my couch rooting you on! Save the animals tho cause it's canon!

Much love from back home dude!


- Love from all your melee friends
Haven't been able to watch as much this year, but I'm loving what I have seen. Keep up the good work, guys!
Whip it baby!
Spray the animals !
I've always liked the Jet Set Radio's art style and music, but I always sucked at it. Thank you  for running this awesome game and making me feel even more scrub. Good luck man!
Donating again NOT as anonymous.  Yeah!
good morning and good game
3rd time watching, 1st time donating! Keep up the good work guys! Can't wait for guacamelee, tasbot and mario maker sections!
Thanks you announcer man! The speed runs are great, but you putting voices into the comments make it all worth while! 
The Red Cross gave me a gift card for donating blood.  This runner commentary is so entertaining, I think this is a worthy place to spend it.
Muffin! Team Disco Pancake 4 Life! #TDP5GUD!
Greetings from Zonju 5, just letting you know that red lightsaber in Jedi Academy is in fact cheating. Put this money to killing the Rosh.
Military service member in Hawaii. Me and my wife have been watching few events for over two years, and it is alway a highlight of our year on the island. Save the animals and KILL THE FRAMES!!!!
Matched, AND added 5! Let's see how far this trend can go! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! JUST DO IT!
Hey guys as a leukemia survivor myself I think this is a really good cause and wish all the runners luck 
I was never able to beat this game from it being so scary, so crazy watching savage just whisk past everything. In the spirit of the game, kill the animals!!
Hey read this. 
Good morning from Ireland

Good luck to all the speed runners and i love that face flipping lever tech by savage, a lever flipable by your face, tech we have yet to invent in this age

Good luck savage and to all the runners, 25 to runners choice and 25 to kill the animals, gotta save those world records :p
I put this money toward ONE MILLION YEARS DUNGEON!! In the Amnesia castle
Describe your ""Love"" life using pokemon moves

here is Mine;

Leer
Flash
Harden…but it failed
Withdraw
Sleep

also, 200K HYPE
<3
You all are awesome! Noclipping doctors work in dangerous places, safest wishes for all involved.
I only have $50 left to donate for the rest of the week. I was gonna save it all for later in the week, but I have decided that Thunder's badass beard justifies $5 of it to whichever incentive he chooses
Preventing the game from happening sounds em-pressive. $30 for saving a life in Dishonored, and $10 to each of the DLC's. Keep up the admirable work all!
Love SGDQ every year. It's a fun event that me and my now fiancée can enjoy together. 
Save the cheerleader, save the world. Kill the animals.
Greetings from Norway!
Lucky for me, i dont have a life, so i can sit here all week :D

also, why kill animals?
well to save frames ofcorse!
KEEP THOSE ANIMALS DEAD!!!
Love the Legend of Zelda series, need to donate during the Zelda blocks.  And in memory of my dog who died last week, this goes to saving the animals.  Miss you Zero!!
Shout out to The Gioob! This is sooooooo amazing. Thank you!!
Hey guys! I've been watching Games Done Quick since 2013, but this is the first one I've had the opportunity to donate.

Big thanks to all the runners and volunteers for donating their time for such a worthy cause! Let's go fast, save the animals, and take a moment to remember that Beef Jerky is the best Final Fantasy of all time.
Had to donate now because Link's Awakening is my favorite game of all time. Love seeing all the crazy glitches.  Keep up the great work, and put this money towards the red tunic. 
Had to donate during Link's Awakening, one of my favourite games. Stealing always made me feel so guilty as a kid! 
Yo, Zorlax, think twice about waking up the Wind Fish...Minneapolis may disappear, Sicky will probably turn into a Seagull and Cransoon may never know the rules now...but that depends on the subpixel youre on I guess. Shoutouts to the LADX community and good luck Z! Donation may go to runners choice!
Link's Awakening is one of my favorite Zelda games. It's a WHALE of a time. Seeing it done here 100% is gonna be awesome. Also, since I hate Kaepora Gaebora because he pops in a lot in this game (casually, at least) my $25 goes to killing the animals in Super Metroid. Good luck with your run, Zorlax!

Ps: That Zelda cross stitch looks beautiful. :3
Rai PLA! (aka Rai Pls)

GOGOGO!

danLove
On business in Poland and it's nearly midnight here... but I'm staying up to catch these speedy runs! Thank Nayru I don't need to be in the office until 10:30!
Yo Megamangeek here! Just saying hi to everyone at the Rac run! GL Raikaru and have an amazing run! 
P.S... Thanks Based XEM  ;)
P.P.S... Congrats Lunk, Skitz, and Xem for the All 4 one WR!
Glad to see you guys using zombie mode just like the developers intended.  Kill the animals!
Happy Independence Day. Twitch begin spamming USAYYYYYYYYYY .
This one goes out to the Twitch mods.  You're saving me from myself.  My real donation will go out later.   This is my proverbial swear jar   
Lets hear him sing.

Also Save the frames, kill the animals. :)
Sing it out! 10 bucks to hear some patriotic tunes on the 4th along with a sick Ratchet & Clank run, one of my favorite games ever!!
Sure, I'd love to hear the star spangled banner sung by someone who can actually sing. Let's do this!
$2 donated for each #GOTCHA that was featured on stream in my tweet!
Every dollar towards blindfolded SotN!!
Shoutouts to whoever bid to name Terra "Kill the animals". Also, hi Pichu. :3
I spent 15 years, my family's fortune, and lost the woman I loved in order to beat this game.  It's so incredible to see it beaten in under an hour.
Loved Ape Escape ever since I played the demo ages ago and read all the Dual Shock only hype and it led me to become the monkey enthusiast I am today! Strange hearing the American voices when you're used to the PAL version Britness.
I  still didnt get the point of Ape Escape but have fun & good luck to everyone
Memes
Hey Tom! Good luck with the run, Champaign Smash is rooting for you.
Had to donate during Mega Man 3 because it was the game I grew up with and it still holds a special place in my heart.
YOUR THE BEST!
AROUND!
NO ONE'S EVER GONNA BRING YOU DOWN!
Mega Man 3 is a great game.  Donating for Mega Man 9, because more Mega Man is the best Mega Man.
Hey all GDQ! Glad to see another GDQ event live unfortunately work will be conquering most of the week so I'll have to watch the streams on youtube. Oh and kill the animals i don't want to see the frames get wasted on a WR run
Hey everyone, just wanted to say you guys ROCK...MAN. Thank you everyone on and off camera for making GDQs as awesome as ever. And would like my donation to go for Megaman 5, because Megaman.
When I was 7 my parents couldn't find a babysitter, so they rented mega man 5 and left me alone.  I sat there for 2 hours trying to get past starman and they found me right where they left me.  Best babysitter ever.  Thinking back, I should have asked for pizza as well....
I was searching my couch for pennies and found three thousand of them. Please take them, with much love from the glove club!
A-mei-zing that you all keep raising money for Doctors without borders! Can we get some Mega Man hype in the room?
Let's see those extra bosses for Megaman 8! Also a few dollars for save the animals! #ForHarambe
You guys picked the perfect time to do SGDQ, I just ran into your VoD content on youtube the other week. I decided to check when the next event was and have been hyped for the last week or so because I happen to have a little extra and I love what you folks do.  May the RNG be ever in your favor.
No comment.
G'day from Australia.
Best of luck to the runners!
One cent for every degree in that sick Indy 900.
First time donating, Shout out to all the Path of Exile players out there, All Hail Chris Wilson, money goes towards naming the D2 character after our lord and RNG provider.
And don't forget, The dread thicket is always 50%
sorry about that
Donating for our son's favorite game. Mom & Dad are here at SGDQ while he watches the replay at home. We love you Gavin!
Thanks for the amazing runs. I love Mario and watching Sunshine and New Super Mario is a great way to start SGDQ. Lets GO!
Thank you to all the runners and staff who sacrifice sweat and time (and more I bet) to put on this wonderful event! Let's see those Skyrim glitches!
My wife and I always watch AGDQ. We support and encourage the cause. Save the humans and kill the animals!
Been watching for years, always love new surprises. New Super Mario 2 chargerless% was an awesome idea.
Shout out to wingdings Kappa 123 Allen
Here's to a great week of runs!
Hype for fireworks%! Too bad there's no option for making this go towards making that a real category. I'm having a blast, though! SGDQ is an awesome event.
This game has made mankind rage quit, this runner is not human.
I'm really enjoying seeing an Atlus game on SGDQ.  I like your Ultimax fight stick, Ghoul.  
Donating for that Metroid Biology poster coz it looks amazing! Also, am I the ONLY one who actually LIKES the Fusion Suit? D: 

Shout outs to The Lurkers who I'm sure will agree with me when I say, all hail Demon Chocobo.
I only found out about AGDQ/SGDQ during the  last AGDQ; I binge watched on YouTube ever since!! Lets Kill the Animals!
Hello runners, been watching this and AGDQ for years now, but iv'e finally been able to donate. thank you for what all of you are doing and thank you for the long hours you put into this.
4th donation today. This is becoming a good adiction. Don't forget, this is a speed run. Save frames and kill the fake animals! 
Tfw MooMooAkai is the Long Island Legend instead of me. It's ok, it's very well deserved. Good luck to both teams. GO TEAM USA!
Thanks for this great event with a great cause that occurs not once but TWICE a year. Also shout out to the chat! FrankerZ!
The Souls series is one of my most loved Gameseries ever. Of course we need to see the evil ending, and as always, kill the animals.
There's so much I've wanted to say for all the years I haven't been able to donate. Just thank you for what you guys do. I always look forward to these events and I'm so glad I finally get to donate during one. Love you guys!
Quick!!


Donating for the normal Power Suit because nobody deserves to be exposed to that awful Fusion Suit!
Let's get that Knife of Dunwall in! SGDQ hype!
Love to everyone!
I'm so glad that Demon's Souls got some love this year at SGDQ. Good luck to Saintmillion on his run of this fantastic game. Good luck to all the other runners as well. 4-1 hype! Let this money go to the runner's choice.  
Just had to donate during one of my favorite games on the 3ds...and feel really ashamed for all the hours i poured into finishing it.
I love this event every year!

Great cause from some amazing runners.

Keep up the good work!

Oh and save the frames, and kill the animals!
Since Gemesaur is dead and stingy, I'll be donating for him.


Finally, its that time of the year when you can watch players play games for a great cause! 
Here's to a great SDGQ!
Great Run BBoy! Donating to filename Jeff cause SpikeVegeta memes d=^D, also GL my boy ham!!
First steam summer sales, Now SGDQ by this point my bank account is empty but take my money for charity!
Beach towel get
Keep up the good work. 
First time donating to SGDQ  keep up the good work
And good Luck to all the runners .
I may not like this game all that well, but I do like to watch others play and even speedrun this.  First time donating.  Keep up the good work guys.
CoolCat SHINE GET CoolCat
Hey  guys, long-time watcher, first-time donator . Super Mario Sunshine was the first Mario game I ever played and it got me into the series. Best of luck to all the runners. Donation Get! 
Don't you dare close your eyes.  Hold your breath, it gets better.
Thanks a lot for what you're doing! It makes my summer more entertaining! Can we hear the Doo-Doo-Doo crew again this year? Crowd, do you agree?
I love watching this event and love this game especially. When I saw this was the first game of the marathon I knew I had to watch and donate. Do-Do-Do Crew Hype.
Discovered GDQ about six months ago and became hooked. These are such fantastic events and worthy causes. First time I've been able to catch this live and first time I've been able to donate (first of many). Best of luck to the runners, kick some butt!
Save the Little Sisters!
Wooo! SGDQ is back baby! This is easily the highlight of my year. I hope to see this in a 100 years! We need a Toontown speedrun. SAVE THE ANIMALS!
For naming the ALBW file "KlaigeLaugh" because it's a glorious thing.
Hi there, i've been an avid watcher of the Games Done Quick group from the start and this is my first chance to actually donate. 

Money is going towards naming Link Zelda to confuse those who have never played a Zelda game to be even further confused.

Will be donating more as time passes
I remember playing Final Fantasy IV as my next mainstream FF title after XIII, and getting completely destroyed by its sheer difficulty rise in comparison. Absolutely loved it. However, despite that, I gotta say Final Fantasy X is the best one-AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH here's 10 bucks. Also, Tifa best FF girl.
Hey guys this is my first year watching and I've had a blast.  My roommate loves final Fantasy 7 and I'm looking forward to the remake,  mainly due to them changing the game play. He hates the new style so I'm looking forward to hearing him cry about it lol.  Cheers guys keep it up
[FR] Guys, really, a fast food? Be nice to the french restream and give us Bif !
Greetings from Germany. Had to get up to see and donate during my favorite game of all times. Thank you so much for this awesome event.
had to try to push arbys over the EDGE
Don't give up, science can beat it
Come on, everyone knows Super Mario RPG, Legend of the Seven Stars is best Final Fantasy. I mean, come on! It even has Final Fantasy boss music for that secret boss!
Hoping to see Fzero GX and dustforce at SGDQ, I hope everyone has a great night.
Final Fantasy 6 has more vivid graphics, fancier special effects, deeper character backstories, numerous spells and summons, a wider array of unique party member abilities and gameplay tech, all on top of a more complex, detailed story.  So what's the best Final Fantasy?  The answer is 4.  It makes up for all of that by just having so much charm.
Hey speedrunners, hello AGDQ staff, hi twitch chat !
Watching AGDQ since 2011 probably. This year, was again crazy. So much fun, many speedruns, so wow. 
I cannot miss this event.
The ambiance is too good and you guys are doing this for a good cause, thank you.
Shoutouts to Final Fantasy Record Keeper players !
PS : Final Fantasy 5 is the best of the series because it have a happy little tree.
Hey ladies and gents, 

I'm a long time watcher first time donator. My grandmother won her fight against Brest cancer and my great uncle is fighting round two with his. Seeing how much money was raised is truly inspiring. Keep this glorious tradition going.
This donatation is because I lost a bet on a Sonic Adventure 2 Battle speedrun against a friend, and thus, I am the fake hedgehog here. Good luck on Final Fantasy, and let's kick cancer's ass.
I just want to hear the reader say All the Bravest was the best Final Fantasy.
You kids! Good luck tonight and remember, haaaaaaave fun with it!
Best Final Fantasy?  6.  How is that even a question?  Get hype for marathon luck manipulation!
Thank you guys for another great GDQ. Love watching every single time. Let's hope for sonic 06 in the after stream!
Keep up the great work! Any name everybody "Kain"!
Hey everyone at AGDQ! This has been such an impressive and entertaining week!
Here's my contribution to PCF. I'll donate an additional $25 if someone tells me what the heck the non-DS device is that DS Dad is playing. The world needs answers!
Hey guys, long time creeper first time donater.  I'm proud to raise my children in a world where events like this exist! I hope this shows them that anyone can impact lives. Thanks for everything and good luck with the rest of the runs!
Even though Final Fantasy 6 is not being run this year, all I have to say is, "All hail Demon Chocobo!!!"
Put this money for Final Fantasy IX as the best Final Fantasy. Maybe if we're lucky, they'll remake it in the future one day on the Playstation 6.
Had to donate to say FFIX is the greatest FF.  However, FFIV is the one that made me fall in love with the series.  I've been looking forward to this run.
It's VIII. Always was and always will be the best. I don't care what others think, they're wrong.
In other news it's 4 o'clock in the morning here in England. Damn you AGDQ!!!!
Lets show some more love for FFIX, even square is showing their love by finally releasing it on pc yay
Thank you to all who put on these events to make this such an entertaining week in my life.  Thank you to all the speed runners for putting the time and effort into this as well.  It's truly amazing what we can all do when we come together towards something so important. Let's kick cancer's ass!!!
Second time watching, second time donating.  The good vibes, great community, and generosity of everyone involved in putting together and raising money for these events blows my mind.  I can't wait for SGDQ2016!  If there are any incentives left, then this all goes to reader's choice.  But really, this goes to the most important incentive: preventing cancer.
Great AGDQ guys, you should all be proud of the work you've put in this week, props to staff, runners and fans, have a great 2016!
Games Done Quick lasts for 2 weeks each year; I have 2 weeks of vacation each year.  Coincidence, I think.......................perhaps.
Save the animals!
To those booing when people donate to Save the Animals, I have this to say to you: (as Emperor Palpatine) "Good, good!  Let the hate flow through you!"
But seriously, thanks to all the runners, volunteers, and organizers of the always awesome GDQ events.
Shout out to my friend Avery, and the wicked guys cheering for saving the animals. so. SAVE THE ANIMALS.
What's the WR for getting $1 million at AGDQ? Save the animals
This is my third GDQ to watch live.  50 bucks for each one! Next time? 200!

Also, save those animals.
Shout outs to MY favorite donation reader, Bob the Ninja Goldfish. No offense to any o f the other readers.
This Reverse Boss Order Run is INSANE!  It deserves a true speed run finish.  KILL THE ANIMALS!
Donating in memory of my cat, lost to complications from lymphoma six years ago. Had to donate during Super Metroid, absolutely astounded by the skills demonstrated here, especially that suitless Ridley fight. A few frames are a small price to pay for protecting the lives of a few friendly critters-- save them!
So, isn't the purpose of AGDQ to leverage the incredible skill of the best speed runners in the world to benefit a cause that will save lives and increase the quality of life for millions of people? And, in the middle of that event, you guys blatantly want to disregard saving the lives of the only friends Samus found on Zebes just because it's FASTER?? Then I have another question: Why do we do 100% runs of games? They take MUCH longer than Any% runs. And reverse boss order runs? They take even longer than the 100% runs do! In fact, wouldn't it be "faster" to just have the runners stream their gameplay from their houses?? Sure, but that's against the spirit of AGDQ, JUST LIKE KILLING THE ANIMALS! SAVE the animals instead! They deserve it, after all the help they selflessly gave a strange foreign bounty hunter when they had absolutely no reason to. The LEAST you can do is show them the same kindness. It's what true heroes would do.
Greetings from Connecticut!  Chin up Straevaras!
But, please, save the animals!  You're their only hope!

Much love for the event and all involved.
No matter if we save or kill the animals, all of us here do something good to show that games can be more than just a hobby if we all work hand in hand.
And btw....the animals do save Samus in Metroid Fusion

$10 to saving the animals.  Another $10 if the announcer pronounces my name right.
I was one of the first humans to complete Reverse Boss Order back when the community started doing it in 2005.  I was just a couple minutes behind Smokey's Any% WR at the time, but RBO still took me over 13 hours (in-game time).

Reverse Boss Order was never meant to be an actual speed run, you people are ridiculous.  Best of luck.
I haven't been able to donate this week until now, and my donation comment was already used during the Fire Emblem run, but I'll do it anyway.  Make sure Samus has those emergency rations for when she's on the run from the Galactic Federation after Fusion.  She can wash them down with the salty tears of all those who want them dead.  Go Straevaras!
SAVE THE ANIMALS
Strimmer when is world record ceres?  Save the thousands of frames, Kill the animals.   Can I get an Albert DansGame up in chat?
Super Metroid was the first game I remember playing and the one that got me into the whole series. I still remember how scared I was during the Mother Brain fight and how my heart stopped beating when she stood up again. Since then I have been addicted to this game. So good luck to the runner and save the animals. I have a feeling they might help you in the future...

Also, Super Metroid HYPE!!!
Kill all the cancer! 
You monsters!  Save the animals.
Thanks for putting on such an awesome event!
Just wanted to donate to tell FatB he's a bad person for killing the doll. That's all. 
Been watching for many years, love the cause.  Screw the Frames, save the Fury Ones.
Bloodborne is the prime example of what happens if you let the animals live, they try to KILL YOU! So KILL ALL ANIMALS!
Super hyped for Super Metroid! Let Prevent Cancer do the saving we will do the killing, the animals that is! Thanks for a great AGDQ!
GG for 1,000,000 dollars ! Thanks to all players for this event ! Big hype for GDQ's team !
Did you know that wombats poop squares? Animals are amazing! Better save the animals so they can keep doing amazing things! 
Love these events and am very happy I got to catch a lot of runs live.  Thanks to all the runners and everyone who works so hard to make them run.  speaking of running - save the frames and kill the animals
Nerf cancer, save the animals!
This is the best AGDQ so far guys, fantastic work with all the presenters and new segments.
So sad it's over after tonight. See you at SGDQ! 
Braaaaaains
Let's make leviathan happen. First time donating!
KILL THEM
I just want to hear my name... But while we're at it, kill dem critters. The frames are more valuable.
heres to a great zelda game.kill the animals.hype.and also kill the cancer plz.
Greetings to the chat! 
I've been a fan of SDA for years and can remember when these marathons  used to take place in someone's house. What a long way we've come, eh?

The Mario Maker blind level run was the most entertaining thing I've seen this whole marathon. 

Looking forward to Final Fantasy and onward to 1.5 million!
Love from PEI Canada 
Congratulations AGDQ and Prevent cancer foundation. You make me proud to be a gamer. So glad I was able to experience the 1 million hype before I had to go to work. 
Another great event guys.  Having had so many family members affect by cancer, I feel like I have to donate.  Keep up the good work!
TO THE ONE MILLION TRAIN
Got back just in time to watch the end. Always love watching these, and with such a great cause, how could I not contribute? Keep up the great work, you beautiful people.
First off, Tasbot just amazed me! Also hyped for Zelda. First year I'm watching this, but sure I'll watch GDQ next times also! Thankfully no one of my friends etc. suffers from cancer, but I hope I can help fighting it with my little donation as student. I'm also proud to be part of this great community. Go for 1.000.000!
My Nonno (grandfather) died last year in October from Lung cancer. This is a terrible disease that effects everyone. Kill the disease, save the animals. Good luck to all the runners. Also, thank you to everyone who help put this wonderful event together. Lets get some hype for the event organizers!
Doing my small part towards the goal! I love you Neil.
Happy to be donating for my first time this year! I've been watching AGDQ runs for years but this is the first time I've caught it live. My mom & I are both lifers so I'm happy to support this cause. lets get that million! Endlessly impressed with all the runners, and happy Twitch and the Yetee give them a generous outlet to shine. Now, for the love of all thats holy, please save the animals.
One of my favorite Zelda games run for a great cause! Keep it up everyone!
My mother-in-law was diagnosed with colon cancer shortly after last agdq, but everything is still going well for her so this is for her and anyone else who is struggling with this fight. She knows nothing about gaming and probably calls link zelda so i'll take over and help bahamut die just like cancer.
Hi,

First time watching AGDQ, first time donating. You guy are awsome player and Kill the animal!
Zelda: ALTTP - one of the top 10 games every made.  Gotta donate.
Can't stay to watch the LTTP run but I want to get in at a chance for that beautiful Zelda Still Life

Kill the Animals
Long time viewer, first time donater.

21 years old, so I'm giving 21 $.  And I plan do this every year from now on.

Shout out to the french watching community, every speedrunner, staff and attender of the GDQ. You guys are all awesome.

Also, kill the cancer, and the animals.
SPAM YOUR TURTLES
As a huge Final Fantasy Fan i have to add a bit to make the FFIV run a bit longer, so let's fight Bahamut.

Greetings from Germany

Don't TAS me, bro.
Pronounce my name! Pronounce my name and annihilate the filthy space-beasts!

(If the system doesn't like Norwegian letters, it's Haavard Skogly Maekelae.)
BLAAAZZOOOOWWW
This is from all the people at Libeo. We're a web shop 70 strong and AGDQ has been streaming all week around office.

We love  AGDQ so much we decided to get together and give to a good cause: Killing the animals! (and of course fighting cancer).

Thanks to all for the awesome runs. 

Please read out loud so my colleagues don't think I robbed them ;)
You were expecting a TASbot donation, but it was me, Dio!
Humans of the world unite! It's time to out speed and outrun our  robot overlords!
Hey everyone at AGDQ had a great time here, this donation is for KILLING THE ANIMALS and a shout out for the tech crew for doing a great job!
Kill the animals.

Papa Bless.
Kill the animals, save the food! Thery're nothing but a bunch of wack kibble stew!
Shoutout to World Strongest!
Been enjoying the stream all week, my wife saw Zoiberg and asked why we hadn't donated. Why not Zoidberg.
I for one welcome our new robot overlords.
Yet again, it's time for my favorite event of the year. Watching these games brings back so many memories, and it's so encouraging with all the positivity the communtiy brings. In spirit of the event, kill cancer and kill the animals.
I tried to donate more, but I haven't more to PUTIN
I see you Mitch in the front row.
And I also see those animals dying.
Gotta love a great speed run, and boy does this year (as every year) have some great ones. As soon as AGDQ ends, I look forward to the one next year. Keep up the great work raising money, and destroying my childhood games.
Hey everyone!
This Donation is from my entire Family.
Im watching GDQ for a few years now but this is my first time donating.
Last Year we lost  a familymember to cancer so this is the best opportunity to do so!
This event benefits a great cause with awesome People in front and behind the camera!
Thanks for a week full of entertainment and keep up the great work!

Greetings from Germany <3
Kill the animals and stop the cancer
TASBOT vs. humans is basically Avengers: Age Of Ultron IRL.
One of my best friends has been battling lymphoma cancer for the last couple years after losing his dad to brain cancer and I lost my own grandmother to brain cancer a few years ago. So here's my small contribution towards helping others not lose someone they love to such a horrible disease and to save the animals.
Crushing last years donations? Sounds good.
Let's do this!
Love this event. My sister was diagnosed with this terrible disease last year, but thankfully it was prevented from taking her life. Save the animals!
Finally donating after watching for multiple years. I'm a fan of Majora's Mask and wanted to see it live but it was really late so I fell asleep before it. However, to keep my own promise of donating, I will still donate my $25 that I planned to donate during that run. 
Great cause and well done to everyone involved with AGDQ. Would love to see donations break the 1 MingLeeon mark MingLee
We have been following these AGDQs for a while now and decided to chip in. Really looking forward to these TAS runs.
Here is to working towards the cure and hoping we can also remember preventative benefit everyone. Also "Cheeks", where is your pink hat?
My roommate was diagnosed with cancer in October and just finished his 3rd and final round of chemo. He's the one who introduced me to AGDQ two years ago so this donation goes toward his choice to KILL THE ANIMALS!
So excited to be in the audience watching AGDQ again this year and can't wait to see us blast past $1 million.  Love the TASbot block so much. TASBOT HYPE!
Many months ago my mother was diagnosed with lung cancer. I decided to quit smoking and to stop my terrible opioid addiction. I joined a rehab program and as of two days ago I am four months clean and my mother is clean of cancer! My mother survived her battle with lung cancer, but so many people do not. Give what you can to change that!
Rainbow road? With 2 guys on one controller!? Madness.... i dreaded that track as a kid when racing against my sister.

Coincidentally that very sister became a veterinary assistant so i was somewhat 'forced' to vote to save the animals. I am sorry. ;)
First time donating, thanks everyone involved!
LETS DO THIS
Lets do this
Big up to the FR Stream  ! 
This is me and my boyfriend's second year donating to this awesome event and we would like to thank everybody working with this to organize such a great entertaining week that's filled wit our favorite games. And all for such a good cause too! That Yetee donation was awesome, save the animals!
Is it really killing the animals? I mean, you don't actually shoot them... If anyone is killing the animals it is the space pirates!
I only wanna say that, I'm watching this with this girl which im falling love to. If you can say greetings from me: " I love you Darya!" I would be super super happy. Goodluck to defeat all cancers and money goes to speedrunners choice!
I nearly forgot to donate this year. Heres 20 dollars that I was planning to donate this year
Hi All. 
Watched for a few years first time donating. 
Can you give a shoutout to my Roomie Elburcho.
I got him in to AGDQ a year ago and he has been following for a year he would never expect to hear his name on stream. 

Keep up the awesome work and Save the frames, Kill the Animals. 

Aquí va una ayuda para que de una vez por todas podamos acabar con esta enfermedad que se lleva a tantas personas.
Un saludo al equipo de SRE por el gran trabajo comentando esta AGDQ 2016. 
This year cancer afflicted both my grandfather and mother. It claimed my grandfather but my mother was able to fight stage three ovarian cancer with just four sessions of targeted chemo. My mother would not be alive today if it weren't for the efforts of people like you who dedicate their time and talents to such an amazing cause. 

Also, who doesn't love a good race? Save the animals is behind so it gets some help from me.
Kick cancer's ass for my mom please, because she got tired of fighting it. 
Donating again because this Mario Kart run is so impressive to watch. I was supposed to go to the store an hour ago but I can't stop watching!
My meemaw and I always used to go to Coldstone and play Mario Kart at her place afterwards. Unfortunately as of this past week, I won't be able to do that anymore. I know $10 isn't a lot, but if it keeps other kids eating ice cream and playing games with their meemaw, then every dollar counts. 
Hey guys, current Testicular Cancer fighter here  and just finished my chemotherapy regimen on Friday! Thanks for all the entertainment and charity you folks have done this week! Keep it up.
I've been watching archived runs for years now, so happy to catch the actual event for the first time. Great job everyone!
Loving the runs guys. My Grandfather was diagnosed with cancer last year so this is definitely a cause I support. Also save the animals but not the pandas, they're mine!
Yo Aeon,  I think you and I both know that Roy is the true best character of this game. 
Boy guess I need to donate before time is cut short. Here is $100 to gently show cancer the wind. Hello to the Japanese learning crew watching!
Shovel knight? So, good.
Videogames and fighting cancer, what do you want more? Greetings from germany and "Danke"
Been waiting for this run all week. Shovel Knight is my favorite game to watch people run.  GOOOO MR. MUNCHAKOOPAS!
[FR] This game is wonderfull !

Let's go "Chevalier à la pelle" !!
The runners called for donations but there were no donations to be read. Well, time to fix that. Loving this run!
Love this game, Love speedrunning, love this marathon. Playing for charity is awesome and you guys from Yacht Club Games are Awesome too, also all praise TASBot!
Shoutout to coffee guy in the audience.
THE PLUSHIE IS MINE! MINE I TELL YOU! 
In addition to this donation, I'm supporting the AGDQ STAFF by sending over a bunch of pizzas. My wife is a two-time cancer survivor. This amazing event which I have watched since the first one could not be done without the support of the AGDQ STAFF, so I am supporting the support! This $500.00 goes to reader's choice. Love you all!
Snortimer_Monster
Shovel Knight hype! I love this game from the bottom of my heart. Let's get to the million dollars, and shoutout to every one of you for organizing and hosting this event, wrecking games we love, offering the prizes, and so on. These 15 dollars go to the Twitch Helps Play Brain Age, I hope we will see it!
Brosentia is doing the announcing? Time to donate! Sorry, no puns for you today, just good old frame saving-animal killing today!
million dollar HYPE!
Also, please help TasBot everyone!
N/A
Crash and Spyro... that nostalgia. I remember that there was a hidden demo of Spyro on one of the Crash Bandicoot games. And I never finished either of the games. Shame on me. Let's hit the million moneys!
Girl on couch (sorry, didn't catch the name, shame on me again) can decide where the money goes to!
Greetings from Germany and thanks for not only having awesome games but also being an awesome crew and awesome runners!
I've watched you guys speedrun for years and my body couldn't resist anymore. I had to donate to this awesome cause. Crash Bandicoot is my favorite platformer and seeing this massive effort fills me with happiness. Also determination. Go the distance and keep kicking butt. Oh baby.
Hi from The Netherlands,

First time watching (and donating), really enjoying seeing you guys destroying these games! Let's kill cancer and those animals!

#ananas says hi!
life is short, so do your best to take care of one another and follow your dreams! 
Thanks for making AGDQ a joy to watch every single year!  Well done with the Jak 3 race - two great runs of a game in a franchise I am fond of, and a fun addition to Saturday's PlayStation block.

As I can't contribute to the Crash Bandicoot bonuses, I'll put the money towards saving the animals, because I'm just too nice. :-)
Love the classic game music being played while a new run is being set up.  Hope you raise as much as possible as AGDQ 2016 has been fantastic.
best of luck to all runners. Everything that you guys do is helping, lots of love from Australia
Greetings from insert country here. Thought I'd hang out, catch some rays. 
Shave the animals.
Another year and another great AGDQ, both me and my best friend have lost family to cancer so we appreciate everything you guys are doing. Oh and a daily remind to save the animals and DO A BARREL ROLL
Love this event every year! second year donating I know cancer effects a bunch of people so here's to preventing all together.
10 to getting the cannon on bloodborne
10 to killing all the animals the frames matter way more
10 to announcer's choice
Keep up the good work guys.  Amazing skills on show.
If you don't save the animals, Other-M Samus will cry.  Only YOU can prevent this abomination.  Save the animals, kill the frames!
I wanted to thank for distracting me from learning in such an entertaining way! 
#agdqbeforelibrary
Kill the animals!
Fighting cancer is a great cause, if only there were some way to build a wall around it. I mean, yay games.
Deport the animals
Great event as always. Really loved both Mario Maker runs! 
Thank you to all the runners and all the other people involved in ADGQ, you all are doing a great job. I also lost several family members to cancer and want to help to stop this from happening. Save the frames - kill the animals! 
Greetings from germany
IF YOU DIE IN THE COMETS YOU DIE FOR REAL o-o
Greetings from Germany, here's my $5 just doing my part for what is right.
Finally got a chance to see a GDQ live and loving every moment of it.  Here's to all the runners doing their part and working many hours to make this event possible. 
This is my first time donating after watching  the last few events! Everything you guys do is absolutely wonderful and let's kick cancer's butt! Kill those animals btw
Luigi may be better at speed running super Mario Galaxy, but in the end we all know He will always be player 2.  
Good Luck  on the run!! 
5!
5 Dollar!
5 Dollar Speed Runs!

Donated just to hear SpikedVegeta read this donation.  Put it to his choice.
Been watching for I don't even know HOW long now, but I've been trying to make sure I get a donation in every GDQ. $5 for each person on the couch's choices, then $5 to Spike's choice. Cheers!
Greetings from Germany, Good Luck, have Fun and 

Save the Animals!
Good Luck to all Runners! 

Except TASBot, It needs no luck.
I couldn't think of anything funny or witty to say....so here is 10 bucks.  BYE
Hey guys, long time viewer, first time donator, and i am loving this run :)
Put this forty dollars to saving those animals!
Hello from France !

Thank you for letting me wake up on Majora's Mask speed run, that's just awesome !

Also thank you The Yetee for the coolest t-shirt ever !

Kill the frames, save the Prinnies dood !
There are still unmet donation incentives, such as Mario Kart 64 (HINT HINT) get to it people!  Donation goes towards MK64 Star Cup TAS.
Keep up the great running, guys! Like the Mask Salesman says: "You'll be fine. Surely you can do it. Believe in your strengths."
kill those animal and this is an awesome run
My favorite Legend of Zelda, you guys are doing awesome.
i could watch this forever... oh wait! keep up the good work and lets get that million! ps. the girl reading the donation has a great voice
First time donating. Contributing to the 5 dollar challenge.
Also, kill the animals, kill cancer and save frames! Isn't that what AGDQ is all about?
C'mon everyone, let's jump on the donation train! We can't be outdone by the runners themselves! Let's hit that million!!
It has been amazing watching top notch gameplay and I've been having a ton of fun! Grandma lost to cancer so thanks for running with us to beat it! Thanks to everyone involved!
..wait for it...
My husband lost his mother to cancer when he was fourteen and I lost him last year to a different disease altogether. I never forgot his pain or how much it affected him. I know he'd want this to go to a good cause and there's no better way to join a good cause than joining in on what was once our passion. It's amazing to watch one of my favourite games right now and my favourite dungeon of all time. Keep up the great work, guys, and beware the moon!
What an awesome way to spend the night before my birthday! Love watching AGDQ live, but love helping prevent cancer even more. Great job to all the past runners and good luck to all future the runners!
Ekke Ekke Ekke Ekke Ptang Zoo Boing!
The GDQ's are my favorite times of the year and since my aunt has been fighting cancer since last spring, this AGDQ means even more to me. This is such an incredible community doing such incredible things year after year.  Put this to Killing the Animals because if the animals die then maybe Fusion isn't canon and that means no Adam.
This is my wife and I's first GDQ  watching live and have to donate to the Zelda block. Wanted to wish the players good luck and we're loving it so far.
Major's Mask is my all time favorite game so  I had to donate. My Pa just got diagnosed with cancer so this GDQ is special to me. Please keep fighting the good fight and love for all involved. 
This is the run I've been looking forward to the most! Majora's Mask is my favourite game of all time and watching Trev's world record run a few months ago got me interested in speed running. Good luck to the runners and I'll donate another $20 if the keg is thrown.
keep it up guys, have a good run
Love this game, hero of time, ages, winds, seasons, and sky. This  donation goes in memory of my grandfather who fought cancer. Announcer's choice after her best Link impression! 
As always, this donation is in honor to my mom and hero, who survived stage 4 breast cancer all while attending college and supporting my brother and me as a single parent. She taught me that no matter how bad it gets, you can still laugh and love. I love these events and here is to the hope that no one has to deal with cancer again.
Lost my Grandma to cancer that came back, my grandpa less than a year later to cancer that came back and alzheimer's.  My dad is going to surgery later in the month for prostate cancer, and has had bladder cancer in the past, both thankfully caught early.
Majora's Mask has been my favorite game every since it came out. I'm looking forward to seeing it get destroyed, even if I'm sure I'll regret not sleeping tomorrow. Mailman hype!
Outstanding OOT run by ZFG, I've only ever really seen any% before this.  I'm WAY pumped for Majora's Mask 100% 4player!  And just a reminder, if you're a true Metroid fan you'll donate to save the animals - because it's CANON!
Keep up the great speed runs. It's too bad AGDQ will be coming to an end soon, but it just begins the anticipation for the next event! Great job guys!
I'm planning on staying up through the entirety of the Majora run to see just how awesome it's going to be.  Don't let me down.
My friend Michael likes Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches. Do you guys like Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches?
So hyped to be able to watch a speedrun of one of my favorite games. Also i'm glad to be able to donate for a great cause and hope to donate more in the future GDQ's
Second time watching, second time donating. Stay fast, everyone. Kill the animals.
Have to donate during a run of my favorite game ever made.  this is the first time I've watched GDQ and i would like to thank everyone who has helped to put something like this together. amazing. also i need you to say HYPE!! one more time! 
Money goes to readers choice. 
Lost my mother to breast cancer in 2010.  Always enjoy watching games that we used to play together. Donation goes to speakers choice.
I think what you guys are doing is great! Both my grandfather and uncle passed away from cancer. My grandmother is a breast cancer survivor.  My money goes to the Mario Kart 2 players 1 controller. 
Hey all. Donating because we found out today that there is a chance my Father has prostate cancer. This is a scary time for my family, so heres hoping its nothing! Me and my dad used to play Ocarina of time together when I was younger, so this is a perfect time to donate. 
Shout out to everyone at agdq. First time donating, but won't be my last. P.S - Kill the animals save the frames!
First time watcher, first time donor, just hade to donate during the best game.
Watching you all go through the games that took me days to complete when i was a kid in a couple of hours is a thing of Beauty. Kappa
Hey listen! Happy Birthday ZFG  Good luck on the run. I hope you clear all the boards real fast. Hess away!  Let's kick shell and kill cancer. Save the Yossy's.  Shoutouts to Discount Baby Jam, and The Hidden Sound Test. 
Go ZFG Ocarina of Time is what got me into Speed running, This goes to runners choice.
Kick ass, chew bubblegum, you know the rest.
A huge thanks to all those streamers from Canada! Good luck and together we can beat cancer!
Its strange to think that this is the first AGDQ thats happened since cancer took my mum last year. I couldn't let this one pass by without a donation, so thanks for so much entertainment for such a good cause
Greetings from England!  I've been watching AGDQ for years and I think this might be the best one yet.  Shoutouts to the runners and staff who help make this event possible--and shoutouts to all of the doctors working hard to eradicate cancer.
Here's $25, since Lack repped the Clemson Tigers during his Zelda record run (and his run earlier this week). Thanks to all the players and organizers for putting together such a great event! 
I've been watching AGDQ since it started, but this is the first year I've watched with my wife. Thanks for watching with me! 

I lost my grandpa to cancer, and my mom is a cancer survivor. I want to give a big thank you to this community for contuing to amaze me with their generosity. 
Thanks to everyone. Such a great event.
Just wanted to say thank you for the weeks of entertainment throughout the years. I will donate more on the weekend.
I vote MegaManII as best Final Fantasy.
From one group of fans trying to beat cancer to another, Cosplay For A Cure is happy to donate to AGDQ for the second year in a row. Good luck to all the runners!
I am very happy with my purchase. As agreed, here's another fifty! Money goes to announcer's choice.
Can we get a round of applause for the tech guys helping to put on the event?  While everyone's in a good mood, can we get some love  for killing the animals? Thanks everyone for putting on the event and good luck to all the runners!
BIG BLACK YES WHAT A MEGA MAN!
Shout outs to my boy Blacktastic for repping the FGC! wishing you the best of luck on your Speed run! And put the animals in a body bag!
This is to my boy duckfist who is the reason I got into watching agdq.  Shout out to seeing him run my childhood favorite mega man 2.  First time watching live.  Let's all come together to kill cancer.
♥
Shoutouts to both Mega Man 9 runners in the upcoming race. Rooting for my man -THE- TheBlacktastic! Ten dollars going to his choice.
Great event AGDQ, Mega Man was my favorite franchise growing up and I've been looking forward to the Mega Man block all week. Seeing as how Super Metroid was also a favorite of mine, better save those animals too.
First time watching AGAQ live and have to say this is truly a spectacular event.  Speed running games to help fight cancer, what a genius idea. Had to donate at least once during this event.  Shout out to my bros at Yuki Theater who are currently watching this live. You guys are the best 
Wish i could had watched more but i'll always make sure to donate each year for such a worthy cause. I'll never forget all i lost to cancer and this event will never let me forget that hope exists and to keep fighting.

Shout out to all the hard work the tech crew and announcers do. So their choice where this goes.
Heard of the upcoming Mega Man Block while watching from work. Respect for OG MM, but my heart always for MM-X & MM-Zero.

10 Zenny because Reploids are people too & save the Animals :}
It's called games done quick not games done humane. Save the frames, kill the animals. Go jets. 
Give me the sausage Daddy
Greetings from Austria! 

Great work, great Stream!
Thanks for the great runs! Diddy kong racing and the mario maker race were my favorites so far
Hello from Norway! We have been watching AGDQ all week, and must say the runs are quite impressive. Kill the animals and let's crush cancer
Save Nidoking and kill all the other animals !
Long time watcher, but first time donator. Had to donate during the Pokemon Yellow run to support the glitch showcase. As a Compsci major, the original Pokemon games have always fascinated me as being crazily coded when you get down to it. Show us those glitches!
Can you give a shout out to all of the little guys who ain't never had nothin?
Of course I have to open my wallet during a Pokemon game! I'm excited I am to see a classic from my childhood! Good luck to the runner! And why give you long Pokemon names? Well, cause you asked Furret of course! Throw my 10 bucks towards killing, I mean "fainting" those animals! 
Come on guys get donating for that pokemon blue glitch exhibition or john cena will be sad.
Pika pika!
Good luck on the run gunner, and to motivate smudyking, praise nagisa-chan, dango dango dango
Can we get a GunHype from the crowd?!?! Gl Gunner... ps cant believe the run name is Smudy... and money goes towards runners choce :P

From Weslo
Third GDQ now and third time donating. Especially relevant to me this year as I just lost my aunt to cancer just last month. Really want to see the glitch run as I love Pokemon glitches and love Shenanigans. May RNGesus smile upon all the runners!
Loving this awesome Pokemon yellow run.  Here is $100 for the Pokemon blue glitch exhibition lets get that met!
AGDQ...you're watching me aren't you?
First time donating and I had to donate during the pokemon block because it was one of the first games i ever started playing.  Thanks to the runners and everyone involved in making AGDQ a fun event for a great cause!
Go Gunner. and Go Smudy. And BUMP CANCER
Keep up the great runs! Had to donate during Diablo2, probably still my most played game of all time.
i sense a Soul in ............
and save the Animals
I hope this money goes towards glitching cancer with the same meticulous precision as the speedrunners are displaying towards our favorite games, so that nobody will have to face the same painful RNG as I did.

Money goes to runner's choice!
Hi AGDQ crew, twitch chat pls no kappa. Put this to killing the animals :D
4th time watching GDQ and had to contribute during my favourite game of all time, Secret of Mana.  As the incentive has already been met can this please split between runner's choice and announcer's choice.

Good luck with the run and don't trust that Sprite child; he's a total liar.
Good luck Stiv!! Been hanging out for this all week.. I hope Furnace Fun is kind!! Wahey!!
Had to donate during one of my favorite games of the N64 era.  Thanks to all the runners, couch crew, announcers, and tech team for supporting such a  great cause.  Put this toward saving the saving those frames.  Sorry, animals.
Had to donate during Star Fox 64. This is one of the games i would love to speed run, Don't be surprised if you see me poking around after AGDQ.
I think everyone wants to say thank you beard guy!
Blast Corps is my favorite N64 game.  Hearing the developer comment on the speed run is like hearing the David Fincher/Chuck Palahniuk commentary on Fight Club.  I couldn't have asked for more for my first donation.
Shoutout to Jr Troopa for unfortunately losing the two-way Paper Mario race against GigaDB after having to reset in that Mario battle.
I've been so entertained by this run of Paper Mario and the announcer! Great work to everyone involved and good luck the runners who have yet to go! My donation goes to Announcer's choice!
I was worried to watch in case I got spoiled (Never played myself), but seems like a lot of fun and can't be spoiled when it's all in Japanese.  Good luck with the rest of the run, and what kind of party would it be without Luigi?!  (A good one)
Love the runs. keep it up, and leave luigi behind!
First off, can we got some more hype in the room for this fantastic run? When I saw it made the list again, I just HAD to donate for one of my favorite games, Paper Mario. I've been watching these marathons since AGDQ 2013 but never had a chance to donate.  Much respect to the Paper Mario community, and may the RNG Star Spirits bless Giga on the remainder of the run.  Also, Leave Luigi at home, he's been lazing around there the whole game anyways.
HiroiSekai here, greetings from Canada! 5th AGDQ, 2nd for this run!

Shoutouts to GigaDB on blazing through these amazing tricks with little effort. My only remorse will be no incredible "Old Man River", but this is still my favourite game and I am thoroughly entertained.

Donation to leaving Luigi for literally being as useful as 1 single Star Piece the entire game. Oh, and special shoutouts to Edobean for providing excellent announcements!
Luigi got his kiss in Mario 64 2 player. He's a player now and he's got to keep up his social life by going to the party. Also, my girlfriend loves Luigi, I love my girlfriend, I have to represent. Amazing run so far. 
Not saving the Yoshis? Better Save the animals
My father has been diagnosed with cancer twice in 5 years, but I'm so glad to see my favorite game franchise putting up a fight for a good cause! Great game, great marathon, screw cancer.
Hello, long time watcher, first time donator here. I'd donate more if I could, but unfortunately I don't have much money. I'm sorry about that. I've never personally lost any friends or family to cancer, but that only makes me more determined to eventually live in a world where no one has to experience that feeling. Paper Mario is one of my all time favourite games, so there's no better time to donate to this fantastic cause. Good luck towards the runner.  Sorry for taking so much time reading this comment, by the way....  Oh, and if we're here to save people, how can we not save the animals as well? Kill the frames, save those animals!
Thanks for putting on such a great event for a great cause! Shoutout to the Giant Bomb crew!
(Please only read if reader is EdoBean)
Edo? Is that you? Guuuurl! Been waiting for my favourite reader and my favourite run! Here's to saving the animals just like the all the humans we'll be saving!
When do we get more of  SpikeVegeta on camera? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Basically, I think that we all are enjoying the amazing commentary right now. But the couch needs to step up their game.
Greetings from Germany - love the run so far.

Keep it up !
Big props to Greenalink - Good luck to you bro xoxo
This donation to go towards DS DAD's choice.
Amazing Megaman block, been watching AGDQ for several years and recently got the money to donate. Keep kicking butt guys, you guys essentially replaced tv for me for the whole week.

Oh, and kill the animals!!
Iv lost some close family relatives to cancer and i love what this great event is doing to fight it... also... everyone give me a FrankerZ
Shout out to my boy BigJ06! When will Price is Right be admitted to AGDQ? KappaRoss

Also, Save the animals
Been watching GDQ for the last couple years, haven't been able to donate a whole lot but here's a 5, Save the Animals and Save Excalibur!
Great show to watch in honor of my mother who passed away due to cancer. Shoutout to my brother Tim who has stayed strong - love you man! KappaPride
Buzz Type-year on the keys there!  Very impressive. Great work guys from London, England!
Greetings from FInland
Mirror's Edge, such a beautiful game, so many interesting glitches. Thanks to the AGDQ crew and the runners for a great event for a great cause. Money goes towards runner's choice.
As someone who could never even get past Super Macho Man reliably with sight, it is incredible to see not one but two people completely demolish this game blindfolded in front of an audience. Major props to both Sinister1 and Zallard1. As he was the winner, please put this towards Zallard's choice.
Well done to both runners amazing that game was difficult not blindfolded!
Run. Fast.
Thank you for putting on such an awesome event for such a good cause and thank you to the runners!

Also please save those poor, innocent, cute, cuddly, doe-eyed, animals!!
Second time watching, second time donating. Let's slaughter those Diablo 2 Cows!
Gettin silly up in the dilly.
Both my parents were diagnosed with breast cancer last year, my mom in February and my dad in June. Luckily it was found early and both are going strong through their treatments.  The GTA games are my favorite speedrunning games although I prefer vice city myself which I know mhmd knows very well. Shout out to KZ Frew. Thanks everyone for what you do.
My grandfather passed from cancer a few years back. Been watching for hours, its about time I throw some money at a great charity! I want to see SOTN happen, who will run it if it hits donation target? Looking forward to castlevania runs too. Mhmd, I remember when this game was released, my parents strictly disallowed me from playing this game, sad times. Bring out some juicy glitches for all the viewers
It took me like 40 hours to get to this point, what the hell have you done
hello, yes, watching  this feed from Cropley Christmas in Australia. Awful Games Done Quick was very good, more awful games pls. Thank you.
First time donating. Also first time watching. Can't believe I haven't watched before. Love the games and love the cause. I've been effected by cancer as I'm sure many of us have been. My uncle was taken a few years ago and it has threatened to take my dad a few times now. Also, kill the animals. And I mean really kill them. Drain them of their life force completely for the sustenance needed to find the cure for this horrible disease.
I'm winning
This game brings to mind that old Bible verse, Methuselah 3:16 - "For god so hated the world, he gave us both cancer and King of Kings: The Early Years."
Five Dollars and Two Cent Hype!!!  Would you rather be a camel or a bear?  Keep in mind, you can store water if you are a camel.
I've played Rocky and Bullwinkle, I had to wince in sympathy.
was planning on donating during mario block, but life happened and it seems i missed that all the luvs  ever to all of you guys making this event happen  especially tech crew. shoutouts to pie and that one guy who ate mine
Don't insult the spider cyclops thing, he lost his contact and got some muddy water in it :(

Shoutout to Bizkit047 for getting me into speedrunning. 


Haven't seen Lagoon before, but it's lovely and PJ is hilarious. And cancer sucks. 
I'm glad I'm able to catch some team poor life choices runs, maybe I'll be able to hang with some you great folks again soon.  Knock'em dead PJ!
Staying up to watch PJ. Donation goes to his choice.
My grandmother had cancer, but because of early detection, she is now completely cancer free. Thank you for making it possible for others to be as lucky as she was. Good luck to all the runners! Put this towards reader's choice. 
Shoutouts to Aaron xsvArea51, don't forget the advice I always give to you... "git gud". Thank you to everyone at AGDQ this year for making this event possible.
Super Mario Maker was the best part of the Nintendo World Championships last year and this race is no doubt going to be one of the highlights of this year's AGDQ!  Good luck to all the runners! Also, Save the Yoshis!
First time watcher and donater! I've never sat down to watch speedruns before, but I've been getting up at odd hours every day just to catch some of my fave games getting destroyed. Growing up with cancer in my family has seen a lot of sadness and loss over the years, so I have to give what I can to the cause. Shout out to my partner Ness who's watching this with me right now, this money's going towards his decision to save those animals, especially yoshi! Greetings from Australia!
Third time viewer, First time donating.  I lost my Pop to cancer in 2008.  Love the fact that my favorite community is doing all this to eradicate cancer from the face of the earth.  Could I please get some Defeat Cancer Hype for my Pop who is watching from heaven.  Thank you guys for all that you do.
Everyone at Colosseum Games in Kenosha, WI wants to give a big thanks to AGDQ for their efforts in helping stomp out cancer. We've been cheering you on all week.
This AGDQ is amazing and that fusion's gonna be dope: "JEWFRO, HA!" My money goes to saving the Yoshis!
My grandmother has been battling bone cancer for over a year now, and I'm happy to say that she's been putting up a hell of a fight. Take 250 dollars of my money and put it towards naming the Super Mario Maker level The Kleptastrophe. 
Technically towards Castlevania SOTN but i really want to see that fusion, so more towards that than anything.
Donating for the fusion dance. come on everybody we need to see this.  Also, kill the animals.
Lost my aunt Paula and my Pop Pop to pancreatic cancer.
We need early detection!
Save the humans and save the animals.
Had to donate during donkey kong, since my friend and I just played through them all.
A question for the runner that has been debated between friends forever:
Is there a game with a water level that doesn't suck? Does anyone actually enjoy DK waterlevels aside from the music?
Shoutout to my friend Frose, and kill Yoshis!
Hey guys! Was just wondering if you could repeat what you said about that Donkey-Kong shirt.

Also awsome run and the donation goes to the choice of the runner !
Roll, roll, roll your Kong, gently down the road, merrily merrily merrily merrily, monkey rides a toad.
Giving another $25 in honor of TMR getting to the very end of that Turbo Tunnel run blindfolded.  That he even had the guts to attempt this in front of an audience is impressive given that I still can't do that run with functioning eyes without using the warp.

This is  going to Save the Animals though, because canon.
Where is the donation for the Battletoads pause music? 
Battletoads is the one game on this lineup I wouldn't miss for the world. It's one of my favorite NES games, played by one of my favorite speedrunners. Here's an extra $25 towards giving cancer a Big Bad Boot in the backside. Good luck with the run, TMR, and I can't wait to see NESMania continue in 2016.
It's events like this that make me love being a part of the gaming community. This is the second GDQ I was able to catch live, and  I took a week off of work just to avoid missing runs. Thanks to everyone making this event possible, and my friend watching with me. Save the people, save the animals, and save the Yoshis.
Hey AGDQ! From a fellow (beginner) speedrunner, this is an event i cannot miss. Keep up the good work and, of course, Save the Yoshis, save the animals.
My dad is the one who got me into gaming, and would have loved watching this event and all the great work being done by gamers.  Unfortunatly he passed away 8 years ago from Cancer, so here is to helping research that will ensure more gamers can watch GDQ in the future.  Not those animals though, save the frames.

(Loved seeing Chrono Trigger run over the summer, it was both of our favorite game.)
First time watching this live and loving it, keep up the good work
I don't care if I missed the Kirby and Crystal Shards run. Double Fire Hype!
You guys in the audience, all of you! Stop slouching in your chairs! You'll ruin your backs!
Thanks to all of you ^^
Really impressed with the the speedrun of Battle Kid 2: Mountain of Torment. Never heard of this and the soundtrack really rocks. I also really like the commentary. It shows quite some knowledge about the game which always makes watching the speedrun even more impressive. 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssss! NES block FTW!  I love classic NES games and kicking cancers butt! 

also... kiiilllll the animaaaaaalllllllls HYPE!
Good luck to Spiriax and great job! to all th runners
Kill the animals is too far ahead and I like close races, so take this for saving them. Good luck to all the NES runners in my favorite block.
How have the incentives for SMB3 (no WW) and SMW2 not been met yet? Let's see these classic games get done quick. For the nostalgia; for the hype!
Thanks to Alix for spreading the word on this great event!
watched my first games done quick last summer and was super pumped when i seen it was on again. you guys rock!
Keep up the excellent work guys!
MORE SICK BENIHANAS
(please read this comment during the Crazy Taxi 2 run)

HEY HEY COME ON OVER AND RAISE SOME MONEY TO FIGHT CANCER WITH CRRRAZY TAXI!
My aunt died of cancer 2 years ago. I really like watching you guys stream this event. You guys are awesome.
Shout out to everyone for doing this event for a wonderful . This has been my first time watching any speed running and the soma run is blowing my mind. Also shout out to twitch chat for always being entertaining.  Lastly the hype is real for Shrek in Tony Hawk
Hey agdq! excited to see a soma speed run. Hey Zom, maybe you can race yourself when you copy into a new robot body? Good luck on the run and lets beat cancer
Watching my dad battle cancer has been terrible. It makes me happy to see everyone coming together to support a great cause. 

Also, you make me feel like I suck at games, but it's okay. It's actually pretty motivating. 

Keep doing what you do. 
Real Eyes Realize Real Deals Kappa 123 in chat xD
Hey Azo, neogia here. Really cool to see you repping Talos Principle and seeing all the new tricks. Best of luck and hope we get to unlock the DLC run!
[[Read in a growly Batman voice)]]
I won't kill the animals, but I don't have to save them!
Shall we get some Kappa hype in chat?
May the speedruns be with you (and the animals)
You didnt say anything when i only sent in 5dollar, so here, have some more and take this joke too.

I’ve just been playing The Sims.

My wife keeps getting into arguments because I don’t have much of a social life. My fish just died. My son keeps coming up to me telling me he’s hungry. So I built a little square room on the side of our house and put him and my wife in it, locked the door and went back upstairs to play The Sims.

and btw, kill the animals
I am 25 - was diagnosed May 18th with NK-LGL - a kind of lymphoma-leukemia with 10 diagnoses a year. Been doing oral chemo every Thursday since May 28th (10 years to the day from when my grandfather died from lung cancer). They expect me to go into remission sometime. Let's kill the animals and prevent cancer.
I've got a joke for everyone. What do you get when you cross a rhetorical question with a joke? (haha)
Hurrah, it's Portal time! This donation goes toward making cancer a lie the same way the cake is. Also, SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE. Good job to all the runners.
Hey Noir, your twitch has close to 11k followers now, and I'm one of them now. You guys are really cool, and nice job not choking at the bucket thing. Keep it up!
Hey I started watching all the old speedruns from last years agdq and then checked twitch on monday to see agdq on, decided I'd donate this year to an awesome cause. Also super scared for my driving test.
Another year, another donation for an excellent cause. I can't say the same for those animals, though - kill 'em all.
Barney says:
I love you You love me
We're a happy family
With a great big hug and a kiss from me to you.
Won't you say you love me too
I love you You love me
We're best friends like friends should be
With a great big hug and a kiss from me to you.
Won't you say you love me too
I love you You love me
We're a happy family
With a great big hug and a kiss from me to you.
Won't you say you love me too
I love you You love me
We're best friends like friends should be
With a great big hug and a kiss from me to you.
Won't you say you love me too
Except for cancer.
Glad to support such a neat event.  Always love giving props to people breaking games with props.  If we keep destroying games like this maybe we can destroy cancer too.
Thank you Noir - Shout out to my friend Bill Turner who passed in 2009 after playing Half Life 2 Episode 2. Cheers to you!
Hello from Sweden!

I'm staying awake in the middle of the night to watch you guys destroy games. I should sleep  so I can study tomorrow. But hey! We are killing cancer so I really don't have to learn anything about it, right?
Keep up the good work guys! And thanks for all the fish.
Just wanted to make my anual donation to such a good event created for such a good cause

Put this to runners choice

and just because this will be read to thousands of people: I lost the game
Finally found time to donate this year.  I wanna give a shoutout to the 502 krew, especially to everyone there at the marathon. I'd also like to give a big congratulations to Reflected for winning the Mario Kart 8 tournament.
Another AGDQ, another great week. Thanks again for always hosting these every year. And the Derek Boyko? Also hi Noir.
Love your stuff! Can we also get a shut out for Mike's mom
Destroy the cancer with your ruthless swift frame breaking maneuvers SPEED RUNNERS HYPE.Save the animals! Vince payne is a noob
This game is amazing and this is the Pacific Rim of Metroid speed runs...minus the bad dialog. You guys MUST be drift compatible!

keep up the awesome work!

thanks,
Dave
Another GDQ, another Donation. I really love what you guys are doing and my faith in humanity isn't lost as long as i see over 140.000 people watching and donating for this. And yes, somehow we even love the spam and copypaste in the chat, i guess.  
Greetings from Germany, keep on running  and of course Save the Animals
I appreciate all that y'all are doing! I'm a cancer survivor from Lymphoma, and I admire you all for helping fight back against cancer. No one should fight alone. Stay Strong and save the animals!
Cancer is worse than Ganon. Maybe we can one day seal it in the sacred realm forever.
ZELDA HYPEEEEE!!!!!!!!
Looking forward to some great Zelda runs, especially Lackattack's Zelda any% run.  Kill the octorocks... not the animals!!!
As the name says we must Save the Metroids..  I mean Animals
Always nice to see Miles exploiting my code!  Keep running and keep donating.
Hello guys!

I always look forward to the  GDQ-events and I'm happy that I'm not missing out on this one, too. 
You guys a just great. Entertaining and baffling to watch, you were a part of helping me through a phase of depression last year. Therefore I am always happy to watch and assist you.
For all of my family that have or has had cancer. Cannot wait for the Legend of Zelda and Portal runs.
First time watching live, but only sleep has kept me from watching it all live this year. First time donating too, but seriously, two player one controller? Yes. Yes Please!
It's only a couple days in and I've seen great games destroyed, was serenaded with Disney tunes, saw Mecha and PJ got through BattleBlock with a voice actor literally in their ear and loved an Ori run. It's already been a blast.

Now it's 2 players, one controller for Metroid?

Yes. Please take more money.

Also, those who can, see if your employer is willing to match your donations. Mine is and it's wonderful

Love to everyone involved in this excellent event
epic dungeons and dragons run guys! nice work!
Hello every one! And greetings from Israel!!
Unfotunatly I can't afford more than 5$ because I am a soldier, but I fully support your cause.
This is my first time donating and sadly I will not attend my favorite run on the list which is Bloodborne.
So great job to all the runners and lets kick off this year with a great AGDQ!!
Just wanted to give a shoutout to Blecky for being a great commentator!
Studio pixel is a huge inspiration, thanks for running his awesome games, streamer #lmaoafrog
Hi again everybody, second donation and i will donate more thanks you for this event, we love you guys from France. Des bisous!

Doesn't anyone like Storebrand here? 

Kick Cancer in the Butt and save those Animolz on behalf of the Foxdragon Army
What is this game? Some kind of snake? 
Anyway, #perhapsi you can combine the blue and red colors in the game to make an ice cold drink of blueberry tomato juice? #pepsicicles 

also: Save the frames, kill the animals
So happy for you that you are playing at AGDQ! Have fun! Break a record!
Hey Frozen, I am glad you were able to run this game! Enjoy all the Pepsi afterwards

Runners choice.
snowfats for president
Game is hard.  Still an amazing run though.  Kill the the animals save the frames!
 NERD OUT - GOD BLESS - AND HAVE A GREAT YEAR - CHEERS TO 2016 OBAMAS LAST YEAR IN OFFICE - LET THE CHEERS RING OUT -
Greetings from Aersia! Let's burn the cancer forest!
This is my second year watching. Awesome speed runs for an awesome cause. 
Hi everyone, good to see the Ori community after all my time away.  May the frogs be true to both of you.
Always happy to leave a nice donation sitting around.  Might as well praise Helix and have TASBot draw our one true god while we're at it.
How much do we need to donate to keep Stamper on the line for the rest of the marathon?
Man I love this event and everything these amazing people can do. 
I hope this game has a Torch in it for PJ. 

Sincerely, thank you to all the talented AGDQ staff and speedrunners for again helping to raise money for such a worthy cause. 

Have fun gaming and be sure to have an artificially fruit-flavored snack today! YEEEEEHAWWWWWWWWWW!


Thank you all for what you're doing. One of my best friends got cancer, and I know how amazing it feels to see the cost of treatment covered by generous donors! Keep up the good work, save the animals. 
Love Kingdom Hearts. One of my favorite games when I was a kid. Keep up the good run Zetris. And kill the animals!
All Hail White Beanie! Let him Choose!
This is an amazing run. You guys are doing great work.
This donation goes to Crypt of the Necrodancer during Setup 2.  Can you also make sure that my previous $10.00 donation goes toward Crypt of the Necrodancer. 
I had to donate during the Kingdom Hearts run. Great event for a great cause, as always! Put my money towards saving the animals!
With a sing along like that how could I not Donate? 

Also do what Gaston would do an KILL THE ANIMALS!
Kirbymastah here. Good luck to zetris and all the commentators on the kingdom hearts run! I've been watching a lot of runs and have been really enjoying the commentary. I'm really excited to see the rest of the run! Also I'm very glad to see the sephiroth incentive met. All the viewers are in for a treat.

Put this towards Under The Sea. We have to get that song sung over Let It Go!
Holla holla get 10 dolla.
Bizkit packed a bag with his playstation 3, KH 1.5, and his lucky Kiwi face before setting out on his journey on his epic gummi ship, Excalibur (that’s the name he gave to his bicycle.) He rode to the end of his driveway and fell over on his bike. “Well that can happen.” He said as he reset. This repeated for the next few hours because he wanted green splits for the beginning of his adventure.
CatBag

[Please read this!  I don't have a lot of money to give, but I will donate $25 at two specific times during the marathon.  I would really appreciate it if the donation reader reads this message just as "CatBag."  It's pretty popular in the KH community, and I think people will enjoy it.  Thanks!]
HECK OFF ANIMALS 
Im such a big Kingdom Hearts  fan since my childhood. This Game is so important for me thanks agdq i saw my first Kingdom Heartsspeed run a few years ago and since then im in love with the whole Kingdom Hearts Speedrunner Family.
Thank you so much for this amazing run!
Hey Zetris, good luck with the run! Hope you have a great time. Huge virtual hug for all the kingdom hearts runners present at agdq this year, directly from San Jose Costa Rica. One Winged Angel HYPE!! 

Shouts out from the boys on Teamspeak, good luck on the run Zetris, you got this. p.s. I love you b-true. 
shout out to the awesome folks who play games and want to help others!
Toothpaste
i figured 13.37 isn't big enough of a donation for this wonderfull cause, so why not add a 0. Goodluck runners, keep on going!
It's great to see HD Remaster at AGDQ this year. Best of luck Carci, wish I could have been there this year!
Carci,  looks like someone left out a picnic basket and the bees are coming! Hope you have a great run.
First time donating to this noble cause, and glad to be involved in fighting the good fight against cancer, because a cancer free life is the right of all sentient beings.
Still sleepy this morning, but I needed to get in a donation before I hit the ener-john. Anyways, you're so good at this game it almost feels like you're a Cheetor.
These puns are so forced I'm starting to think this is actually the Star Wars run.
The way you're butchering this game is getting Energon my nerves, and it makes me want to Starscream.
Looks like you're completing this game.... single-handedly
So I was sitting at the MICHAEL BAY one evening when suddenly a STARSCREAMEd louder then the JAZZ playing over the MEGATRONs. DEVESTATEd by the FRENZY that ensued, I quickly built a BARRICADE to escape the BRAWL as I forgot my IRONHIDE at home. But of course i got hit in the head by a RATCHET which led to a PRIME BLACKOUT. Anyways... Let's not be vegetarians and KILL THE BUMBLEBEES... I mean animals.
Awesome games and awesome runners! Take this donation and kick some zombie a55! 
Im not in the game :( , but ill support my mates; roll out til the million!
Love AGDQ, Love Halfcoordinated's run of Vanquish last year, a huge fan of Transformers and Platinum games. heres to the fight against cancer, my friends Tiffany, Justine and Cheyenne who have all lost a family member to cancer. Keep fighting the good fight. Till all are one!
Stuck at home for the next few months fighting cancer myself.  Kick cancer's ass, kill some monsters, and please kill the animals.
Awesome Dark Souls run. Never saw this before. I really like this game. 
Good luck to all runners in this week!
I like Excalibur, and hate cancer. Good luck all the speed runs and may the RNG be with you.  
Hey guys
Totally forgot about AGDQ but made it in time to see the end of Fire Emblem

Put this towards Sepharoth level 1 because I could never beat him and I need closure

Greetings from Australia
I have been a fan of AGDQ since 2 years, and most of the time I've only been able to catch you VOD. I really hope that at some point, you add closed captioning, because I am a mute who cannot understand what the is saying right now, anyway.
I know it's not a lot, but every little bit helps to prevent cancer. Thank you everyone for all that you do, runners, crew, affiliates and everyone donating for this great cause. Together we are making a big difference. Oh and let this donation go to mike Tyson punch-out blindfolded, please. Let little Mac punch cancer in the face. If the runners can do it to mike Tyson blindfolded, we can do it to cancer too!
Clearly we need to pick Dimitri as he always seems to get the worst treatment of the three.
Wish I could donate more. Very fond of this speed run of Path of Radiance. I've never seen this run through like through this, so it's quite entertaining and interesting. Shout out to Arc Falchion.  Oliver did nothing wrong. 
YOU! Guess what? MONEY IS REALLY IMPORTANT! If you don't have it, your weapons will RUST! And you can't fight without your weapons!
Awakening is my current favorite but I'll always have a soft spot for my first which was sacred stones. Put my money towards killing the animals because this is awesome games done quick, not awesome games done at a moderate pace.
Glad to be able to watch AGDQ again this year. Donating for those sweet FE prizes.
My partner & I have been sitting on are couch all day playing Pokemon and loving the stream. Iv been watching Agdq for years first time donating. Keep up the awesome job and kill those animals.
Nerf Titania.
Seanzy please speak up, nobody can hear you on stream.
I had a friend whose father was diagnosed with Colon cancer, and he was able to beat it. However, another friend had her father diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and unfortunately it was too late for him, and he passed away. I also have an aunt who dealt with thyroid cancer. Overall this is an important event for me. I've always loved watching, and I don't often get to donate. You guys are all awesome
Love this marathon, and all that you guys do, hope that one time I can attend one of these and have fun while helping raise money for a good cause, putting this toward something different this time, a file name that should win for the Majora's Mask Race, KegThrow
Good luck to the SM64 runners! I will donate $10 more if any runner does OG Cannonless :3
Started watching GDQ last summer and looking forward to another great marathon. Good luck to Puncay, Cheese, and Simply. Your race last summer inspired me to take up Mario 64 speedrunning. Good luck everyone!! Save the animals!!! PS: Announcer lady, I have a crush on your voice.
hello
You Guy do Good job Keep it up!
Some great runs so far - staying up late here in the UK for Mario Kart and Super Mario
2nd Donation of the event, just absolutely love Kirby #NeedsMoreFridgePower
Hey guys, I'm really happy that video games can be played for a good cause. I really love this game. I wish they would make a Kirby 64 wii u remake. This game would be great in hd. Kill all the animals
Loving seeing these events being done for such a great cause. Raising money to fight cancer and get a chance to see some hype speedruns, always making this event a win-win. Speaking of wins, Put this money towards Gold Plauge Knight, cause Gold is the color of Champions and Heroes.
Shoutout to my best pal, Edobean, who's doing a great job behind the mike and to all the awesome runners making this marathon an amazing event.

50 dollars goes to announcer's choi... wait no, she will kill the animals. NEVERMIND! All in on the Mike Tyson's Punch-Out Blindfolded race!
What you guys are doing is amazing, both in the speedrunning and the charity! Keep it up!
Donating on behalf of my grandfather, who passed away from cancer what feels like a lifetime ago.  We miss you Kendall.
AGDQ makes the return to work after the holidays tolerable.  Thanks for all you do.  Kill the animals.
The marathon's off to a great start! Looking forward to a fantastic week of great speedruns!
Can we start a 5 dollar donation chain!?!?! Let's hit 1 million!! 
I'm lucky enough that I've never had to experience the pain of losing a loved one to cancer, so i'm donating in the hopes that one day, no one has to. 
What you guys are doing  is amazing, much respect and love from Scotland <3
Was watching some SGDQ vods when I was wondering when the next AGDQ was. I was super excited to see that it's actually happening right now and wanted to donate! Long time vod watcher, first time live stream donor.
Greetings from Austria AGDQ! 
Hope this money can help! 
Please tell the guy with the "Farewell Tour"-T-Shirt in 2nd row, that was shown on stream before,  that he's looking great - I hope to put a smile on that man's face!
Keep up the great work!
I know it's not much, however I wanted to at least donate something. It's amazing seeing all the runners beat some of my favorite games in an unbelievably short amount of time!

Good Luck to Everyone!
Donate every year! Keep up the good work!
I was able to catch the end of Chrono Trigger, one of my childhood games. I finished it for the first time when I was 7 and tried to complete it every year since then. Shout out to Essentia for crushing some of my favorite RPGs year after year.
if this is read as the final donation i will donate another 30.00 i love sgdq and this is my first time donating, but i love all of you and please....just save the kids....i know animals are important but save the kids!
Greetings from Germany. Great sgdq this year. My favourite speedruns were Mickey's Castle of Illusion HD, Bioshock Infinite and Shadow of the Colossus. 
thank you for giving me an unwind after another patrol. this is my second stick in the stan, and it's nice to see people play the game that not only got myslef but my father into gaming.
Congratulations and thank you for another incredible, record-setting marathon! I can't think of a better finale than Chrono Trigger with some of my favourite speedrunners. WONDERSHOT!
Happy to finally catch one of these live so I can contribute for all the entertainment these things have given me. Lets rally for that Epoch ending people.
Why can't they both hug Crono? =( 
This is my favorite GDQ so far because I have gotten to watch more of it than any other, and also because I can finally afford to donate!  Can't wait to watch all the VODs I missed, and thanks to everyone who has made it this happen again!   Shoutouts to GreenALink for getting me interested in speedruns years ago!  
I want the grand prize! If only I could manipulate THAT RNG... Thanks to all the runners for they're awesome efforts! Hopefully soon there will be a skip to get to the $1,000,000 mark sooner next GDQ.
This week has been amazing!   ... But I'm still hungry.
Last donation of the marathon for me, but I want to thank the organizers, the tech crew, and the runners for a great GDQ. Great to end it on a high note with my favorite RPG. The only thing missing is Brossentia's commentary! Hail the Dark Lord Demon Chocobo. #rpgJerkBird
Hey guys, want everyone to give themselves a huge pat on the back for what you guys have done, playing video games to save lives is an amazing thing and you should all be extremely proud of what you've accomplished, Love Herk

Chrono trigger was a childhood favorite of mine. Glad to see it as the final game at SDGQ
This is a great cause and a great run.  It reminds me of dating my husband in college, staying up late and playing Chrono Trigger to get the best ending.   I'm dedicating  this modest donation to him, and to our two lovely little girls.  I hope that Chrono hugs Marle--we identified a bit with those two characters. 
Thank you to everyone involved, I enjoyed having SGDQ in the background on all of my computers this week.  I'm sure my boss is glad it's almost over.
Shoutouts to Ian Keith, I've got you covered for the Chrono Trigger donation.
Welp, you've convinced me. Had to kick my total donation over 100. Thanks for a week of great games, guys. I am putting my money toward naming Epoch, 2poch. 
My last donation of the marathon.  Wanted to help make the push to 1.5 million.   Good luck on the finale!  Chrono Trigger is one of the best RPGs ever made.  I'm happy I get to watch the whole finale.
Been watching agdq and sgdq for a few years now.  Loving the runs, and always thrilled to see essentia and puwexil.  Put this donation to the demon choco...Oh wait, wrong game.  Runner's choice then!  
!!
It is a shame that this will being going on much longer than I can possibly hope to stay awake. It has been a great week and I can't wait for next time! Also, no video game is complete without Goku.
Thanks for all the amazing runs this week and for ending it all with my favorite RPG!

Wondershot HYPE!
Hi my name is Robert Castoroni and I love Final Fantasy
So 100% Chrono Trigger means getting all of the endings right?
Shoutouts to the Demon Chocobo.
I look forward to these two events every year. You guys are so selfless and just amazing people. Thank you.
Quickly,  there's no time to explain. 
Thank you Runners...
Thank you behinds the scene Staff...
Thank you moderators of IRC +5. . . 

But most importantly, thank you everybody who has donated, past, present, and future. :)

Puwexil's choice, unless a Mini-Essentia is present, then its there's. 
Been having this on my screen 24/7 since you guys started (even while sleeping). Awesome entertainment all around, big shoutout to the sound guys! You guys did an awesome job! Gotta win that Chrono Trigger Cartridge! (You know how expensive those are on Ebay? Geez!)
Amazing Super Metroid run, congratulation Zoast

50$ to Iwata for Chrono's name. RIP Satoru Iwata

Hi NGG
[FR] It would be great if Dzo wins, his shirts are wonderfull <3

Great Metroid Run !
Thanks for the great runs this week.
Thank you all for another fantastic GDQ. I admire all of you for putting up such a wonderful event. Looking forward to AGDQ 2016! Why save the animals? Let them save themselves!
Love Super Metroid!
Another year, another amazing SGDQ. Save them animals!
Save lives, kill the record for most money raised at a GDQ. Also save frames, kill the animals.
What an amazing group of talented gamers! You can really see how hard they work, and it really is worth it. What a wonderful way to bring people together for a good cause. The nostalgia is real. My only regret is that I couldn't donate more! Until next time! 

PS - Way to blow away last year's donations amount! God Speed!
Best of luck to the Super Metroid racers!  Don't forget to save those animals!
Shout out to slowbeef and diabetus's ridley voice.
Save the animals to make this donation race more even!
Super Metroid HYPE!
Save the animals, so we can eat them later. Congrats on raising over 1 million - been watching all week and looking forward to next years runs.
Thanks for another awesome event! Big thanks to all the runners and behind-the-scenes crew
Put this to Die Hard as the best final fantasy.
HYPE!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Zoast. Sorry I missed you at MAGFest. Good luck, and May the Shizz Be With You!
Another 'GDQ nearing close. Records are broken, yet the eternal struggle continues; save or kill the animals. Over $300k raised for a simple choice.

KILL THEM! KILL THEM! KILL THEM!
SGDQ2015 has been great, keep up the good work guys!
Go animals go!
A glorious hello to you all.  I've had the pleasure of having more time off than usual this week and I've spent a great deal of that free time watching SGDQ.  Congratulations on breaking the million dollar ceiling!

I can still remember when a younger me rented Super Mario Kart from a video store only to find Super Metroid in the box instead.  It's remained a favorite of mine ever since and this donation goes towards saving the animals.  Best of luck!
This is a speedrun not a charity event!  No need to waste precious time saving animals.
Here's $5 for every GDQ I've seen to date, hopefully I'll be able to donate even more next time, congratulations on hitting the million! You are all doing great work. Oh and yeah, let's save those animals because I never did as a child :(
Go Zoast!  I'll add $500 if anybody does Reverse Boss Order.
<33333
What a fantastic series of events. I personally enjoy watching every minute of these games being blown out of the water. We have one million donated but lets see how much more we can drive for a great cause! Sorry Animals. Save those delicious frames. 
The million dollar hype is real. $500 to save the animals, and $500 to kill the animals, just because.

I'll donate an additional $600 if the couch can convince my roommate Wil to get up and get me a beer, because I'm lazy.
Can we get some Super Mario Hype! In here!
Come on people Hype!!  H-Y-P-E!

More if the announcer calls out my donation on stream. 
I think we all know who the real Mario MVP is: MARK ZUCKERBURG 

Shoutouts to the tech crew for maintaining such a quality show, and of course a huge thank you to all these talented runners. Keep it up, guys!
Best of luck to the Mario 64 runners! Let this donation go toward #SaveTheAnimals
Long time fan of the GDQ's, mad props to everyone who makes it possible. Kill the animals!
Hey guys, ThatDrunkenDwarf here, good luck on the run, you'll all do great and i hope you can show everyone the improvements that have been discovered since last year. Donation amount goes to whatever cheese chooses.
Loving the stream, I've been very unproductive at work all week!
The Bowser levels on this Mario 64 run are going to give me a HYEART ATTECK! Been waiting for this all week!
Truly awesome guys, thank you to everyone involved. Kill those animals!
I wanted to make a long speech about how great the sgdq is.
Now, after that fantastic Super Mario 64 race I'm so excited, I just want to donate !
It's one of my most favorite games. Thanks to all the runners.
I want some more show like this, so, save the animals!

Yah ! Wouhou ! Waaahaaa !
So hyped for this race! Been watching these boys for about a year now! Good luck you talented young biinny lovers, make me proud!
Come on, we're so close! Let's hit the million!
lay loves kally. What you guys do is wonderful, GDQ is a true inspiration. chum, oh chum, love chum.
I recently played though Mario 64 and got all 120 stars in 5 hours and 12 minutes.  Can't wait to see 3 people destroy this game even harder!
I've been watching SGDQ for a few years and this is my first chance to be able to donate! Great event. Great cause. Lets hit that million!
I've always donated to save the animals, so now I'm donating to kill the animals.

Shoutouts to VGFacts and NeoGAF chat
chrism hype! how about a 602 run next time?
also, shoutouts to shoutouts!
The worst part of the Link to the Past run was that we only heard one bedtime story from the Book of Mudora. Thanks for the entertainment. Save the frames.
Got off of work just in time to catch my favorite run of the stream.  Excited to watch Super Mario 64 and as always, SAVE THE ANIMALS
I missed the rest of the week, but I will spend an unhealthy amount of time watching the vods, but I made it in time to help Lucca out of the Friend Zone, go get him, girl.
The GDQ events are the best. This is my first donation after years of watching. My work will match this donation, so there's no reason to not help out and get that extra value. Let's get some more HYPE for the one milly! :D
Wonderful stream everyone!
Can't believe that you've been at this for 5 straight days. 
Keep up the good work!
Kill the frames!
I was told to leave a comment by my wife. This is said comment.

PS. Just heard a $2015 donation for saving the animals. This goes to killing them, to keep things interesting. But please, be kind about it.
A small donation while I watch an amazing speedrun of one of the best games I've ever played in my childhood. Keep up the good work GDQ and Xelna. 
Speed running is about going fast, not hanging out with cuddly friends. Let them buuurn. Kill the animals.
you are all amazing!
thank you for all of your work!
<3
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck Norris?

Nevermind. Just kill the animals.
Congratulations on getting pretty much every donation incentive met!
Do what you want to the animals.
Donation to TASBot's choice.
Thanks for an awesome event once again! I've donated for this same cause every year and I'm going to continue the tradition, so KILL THE ANIMALS!
First time donation. Looking forward to a triumphant Chrono Trigger finish. Thanks for providing a wonderful week of entertainment.  Put hte $50 towards runner's choice. 
What would TASBot do? Kill the animals.
I wanted to donate during one of my favorite games from my favorite series.  Looking forward to watching the rest of this run. Good luck Xelna and thank you to the GDQ crew and runners for a fantastic event!
Us and the kids  spent all week watching SGDQ and we are excited to watch Link to the past, one of my favorite games of all time! Great job to all the staff and runners!  The kids are cheering for the animals to be saved so this is going towards saving all the animals!
Jeremy from the Washington Metropolitan Gamer Symphony Orchestra here.  Happy to be donating towards Doctors Without Borders, Chrono Trigger, and glasses all in one.  Some of the best game music I have had the chance to perform is from the Zelda series and Chrono Trigger series.  Thanks to all the runners!

Jeremy
Here's to hoping that TASBot will run Mega Man without fault. This should be a great reaction from everyone who has not seen it before.

Roast the animals, roast them good
Glad to see a game that often wrecked me being beaten so easily. Save the animals.
I see the Jaeger Project is well under way for when the Kaiju attack
Another awesome job this time. Congrats to the staff and the runners.
Found one dollar - and donated it! Have fun!
Save the pantsu, kill the animals! Greeting to everyone in pr.
First time watching and donating, thank you for donating your time and effort for such a great cause.
Thank you for all the great runs this year!
Praise the Sun! \[T]/
Ogiiiii!! Cusher here! I'm so excited to see this run! I wish you and fearful the best of luck. What everybody is doing is amazing. Also! One Handed mastery has increased!
2nd donation of sgdq. Dark souls 2 is one of my favorite games. Super excited to see this run. Keep up the good work runners and staff.  Praise the sun. Also put this towards wondershot
Greetings from Norway.  Keep up the good work. Good luck on the dark souls run and save those poor animals ! 
Still not getting near the 1 Million. Heres my second donation cause of this amazing event! As before: Save the Animals! Again, greets from Bavaria, Germany. Keep up the good work.
Praise the Urn \T/
thank you all so much for a full week of amazing!

a lover at heart,  gotta save those animals...
Here are my 2 Dollars towards the Million.
Greetings from Germany.
Hey, I overheard the frames, they were laughing about how you kept missing tricks and how slow your runs are. That's just rude, so save us- -   I mean, save the animals instead.
I love watching this stream, keep up the good work! Also, kill the animals. For science.
Cheers for Portal.
Greetings from Switzerland!

On a different note: I heard those animals really hate vets. Help the doctors, kill the animals!
Here's 2 bucks...
Donating the amount I planned on giving plus two dollars to support the two dollar challenge.  Thanks for playing these great games for a great cause.   Please put this money towards the 100% Chrono Trigger run. 
2 dollars it is
Here's my 2 dollars... and another 18 to help those that wish to donate, but simply can't for whatever reason. This being my 5th live GDQ event I watched so far, I am truly impressed every time. Everyone stay awesome and lets meet that 1 million! Also... Kill the animals!
Enjoying the event! Great cause and great games. #1milliondream 
(Evil voice) kill the animals! 
To Dark, Mog, Dante, and all the others in chat, you know what you must do. Save the animals
The two dollar army will reach our goal!
Challenge Accepted! Donating 2 bucks like that other donator asked.

Can't wait to see what TASBot has in store this afternoon. Also Shout Out to everyone from the Talk House forums who might be watching. 

Kill the animals! Because when a Planet explodes, we destroy the world and everything inside!
ILY CBF
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
Hi GDG. Thanks for another great event. It's been a great week of speedruns on so many good games. Here's a donation to a great cause. cheers from Ireland.
good luck man hope you kill it man! :D
I planned to wake up early and donate during Shadow of the Colossus, but sleep won that fight. I guess a bat is fine too. All the runners have been great! Let's kill those animals!
Love the week, and for a great cause! Great work everyone! Shout outs to Next Level New York City and Pokemon Crossroads!
First time donating - keep up the great work!!!!
Good morning everyone Thank you for all the runs this week and kill the animals!
Finally have a full free day to sit back and watch some amazing runs! Keep it up guys, looking forward to that 100% Minecraft run!
Some amazing runs guys! Keep it up to the end, and shout out to all behind the stream! Kill those animals! 
Great entertainment for a great cause. Speed up and take my money!
Wind Waker was my first and favorite Zelda game. 

Nice to see Link giving Michael Phelps a run for his money. 

Keep up the great work and save those animals. 
Hey Sgdq. Watching you for 2 years now. Teaching in China and making the promotion all around the school. Don't kill this zelda game too much. Keep up the good work!

Hype!
Windwaker was the first Zelda game I beat, so it holds a special place in my heart. Unfortunately I have work in a few hours and sleep to get, good luck on the run!
Here are another 20$ for the beautiful voice of the announcer girl
Also these go to her choice
Hey Ace! I'd love to stay for the run but I got stuff to do tomorrow, like work and family stuff, but GOOD LUCK! you got this man :) Ill stay till greatfish but then you'll only have about  90 thousand people to cheer you on. Puppet ganon skip... do it!!
Loved the blindfolded run and I'm glad to be donating during pokemon, one of the first games that made me fall in love with gaming in general!
Praise Helix, this blind race is one of the greatest things I have seen in a long time. Also, who is champ?
I know it's a Pokemon run, but I had to donate for my fellow TeamBN runner Keizaron. You got this Keiz, TeamBN hype!
Donating again hoping you can tell Keizaron that his girlfriend and best friend love him very much and will be watching him blindly run through this...who needs eyes psssshhhhttttt. When you're a boss you're a boss mofo. You get that OP Bidoof. I love you. Good luck Keys. 
What you guys are doing is amazing, Me and the goon squad are watching all together. We appreciate everything you're doing  even more then they do. We don't just beat them at league, we beat them at Feeling. Good luck reaching one mill!
Been watching (X)GDQ for years and this is my first time donating. Thank you for all the fun and entertainment. Great work you guys are doing here.
Hey GAF chat, drink up. 24 hours left...
Towards minecraft all achievements pls
super rad
Hey, JP Xinnam here. It's awesome to see 151 finally ran at a GDQ. Crazy to see how far it's come.  Good luck with the run, and keep Pokemon Speedruns strong!
Hey, guys, this is my second GDQ that I have been able to watch.  You guys are doing awesome, keep up the amazing work, and lets kill those animals and embarrass some people. 
Gary was here,  Ash is a loser! 

Kill the animals! 
I'm SMAN. I like Pokemon and FrankerZ.
Been watching since the very first gdq and have watched every one. Keep up the good work.
Yo SGDQ,

Getting myself ready for some birthday pokemon speedruns. Donating 22 22, one dollar and one cent for each year of existence. Let's have fun and catch 'em all!
Eric used Pay Day
It's not very effective, cause, I mean, it's Wal-Mart, but every dollar helps.
Gotta catch 'em all! Go Shenanagans go!
Pokemon Blue hype! Praise the Helix fossil! 
Been waiting for the Pokemon Blue run all week, and now it is here! Bring on the blindfolded run.

Finish off SGDQ with a bang. Wondershot hype!
Frames 4 Pixels

Kill the animals!
I have to donate during this Pokemon Blue run.  Gen 1 defines my childhood.  I am so excited to see how you guys mange to catch all 151 Pokemon in less than 2 and a half hours.
Luigi's Mansion was one of the first games I ever fully completed, and I love seeing you three completely destroy the game in the time it took young me to probably learn the controls and beat Chauncey. Have a great race, and kill the animals! $700k hype!
Put this towards a 100% Chrono Trigger run
Loving the marathon, but my and my sister are wondering... no doo doo doo crew?
Yo BB sorry I couldn't be there. You're amazing and keep it up my good sir. Say hi to Bramz for me :D
Hey shout out to  bouncy boy! Thos piano skills are awesome!
I have been notified by my friend that I missed hearing my last donation read because I was making taquitos.  So I figured I should donate again. It is for charity anyway! 
Donating on behalf of my girlfriend who feels like a monster because she doesn't donate to charity. She is a monster, but just slightly less now.
How many times have I donated? How many breads have you eaten? WRYYYYYY
Good luck with runs and keep up the good work!
Generosity is a virtue, as such this event has caught the attention of Vehk and Vehk, the Mastery of the Three. I shall donate an additional three dollars every time those on the couch sing along with the music in all secret levels you enter, for the so-called Doo Doo Crew makes gods smile.

The ending of the words is ALMSIVI
RemoveKebab. That's all. Money goes to Bouncey's choice
FeelsGoodMan
been a fan now for 2 years but first time donating now that i finally have a job and hope to get more chances to donate during the coming years keep it up the amazing work!.


We just had to leave sdgq live to bring my sister to the emergency room. After the doctors get her on the IV first thing she does is grab stream sgdq to watch smb3. Gotta love smb races! See you all tomorrow.
OH MY GYAD!

Cujo, please beat D'arby the Younger! And save the animals from Dio!
Thank you for the hard work everyone! I'll donate another $10 if the couch says "Godspeed little taters"
Also kill the animals
Wanna tell Cujo In Hoc Brother! If its a cause one of my brothers believes in then I believe in it too! 
Now that's how the Gold Patrol rolls!  Eggrolls that is!  Also I ask this to everyone: "Got Protein Breh?"
Thanks for all the runs! Amazing fun to watch
Watched the GDQ events for a long time now but never donated. Seemed like time to change that! Thanks for all the terribly entertaining runs! I don't think I've gotten anything really done all week.
Hey Big Jon,
Good luck on your run and always remember: NO WHAMMYS!
Also thanks to everyone involved with SGDQ2015 to make this event possible and supporting Medicins Sans Frontiers / Doctors Without Borders!
Donation goes towards Big Jon's (GameJ06) choice!
This has been an amazing week and I'm so happy to have been a part of it. Also J, I'll take a Pepsi please. That song was some amazing improv work.

This amount is going towards the Chrono Trigger 100% run because that game was the best RPG of my middle school years.
Been waiting all week to donate during some sweet, sweet Lost Levels action! Thanks to all the runners for their fine efforts this week and BIG UPS to BIG JON for giving Luigi some shine. Love the way you play Mario and can't wait to see what you do when Super Mario Maker comes out later this year!
Contributing to a good cause and enjoying great games ... nothing wrong with that. Thanks to everyone who made this event possible and to every speedrunner. Greeting from Germany.
Donating for my main man Jon on the stream.  I subscribed to his channel before he even had a button.  Putting my donation towords SAVING those animals.  Lets get some egg rolls.
I told you big jon i was gonna donate i wanna say hope you find the bigjBATTERY. your chat wants to know will peach be paved and when is NES golf? and also do you want chicken in your mowowowouth.  this money goes towards runner choice
Got hooked on AGDQ last year, and one of my favourites was Jon's lost levels run, so I had to donate this time around. Here's hoping for golf next GDQ, and good luck paving peach! Kill the Animals!
Darkwing: Donation to your choice. I was hoping to see your Goonies run that you've been practicing on Twitch. Love Snortimer_Monster!  P.S. My wife thinks you are cute.
Shoutout to Witwix with quesadillas and crunchwraps. Let's make Doctors without Borders into Doctors with Tacos. 
Nothing like gdq after a tasty brownie.
donating for  a lttp 100% run. Go witwix show solgryn who's boss
It's Boshy Time
Yeah Whateva
(Runner's Choice)
In honor of Patrick McElwee
Hi everyone, long time watcher first time donor. I have loved Dustforce since it first came out, and I still remember how excited I was getting on the leaderboards for a day or two. Also, I may be stubborn in my only playing as Dustkid, but I will find a way to beat Hideout one day.
First time watcher and first time donator! What a great production for a great cause. Super impressed with all of the runners and the team behind the scenes that keeps the stream running smoothly. Put all my donation towards the 100% Chrono Trigger run, one of my husband's all-time favorite games.
Shout to bubbles for that amazing Fallout 3 run. That was amazing and by far the funniest speed run I've ever witnessed.  That rad roach final boss fight was hype!
I definitely wish I could do a whole lot more, but I'm trying to save money because I'm in college!
Donating for the Oblivion 100% run (wink). Oh, guess  I'll have to make do with any% for one of my favourite games ever... thanks so much for the effort and love from the Netherlands <3
Ive been watching sgdq for 2 years, but this is my first time donating, keep up the great runs everyone
I don't have any spare bottle caps, so here's $5.
Hi
Do something awesome with my money...
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHSOME STREAM GUYS! GET HYPE!
30 dollars for the eeeEEEEEYYYAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HYPE
I've been watching GDQ's for a while always LOVED em, never could donate. I got to admit, this is the first i laught to tear !! Thx guys. BEST CREW ever !! Announcer choice (You totaly diserve it)   HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Guize remember when AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!?
saving my larger donations for incentives I want, but I had to donate something here for the HYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THE HYPE MUST NEVER END AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I wanted to wait until PJ's run to donate, but the incentives need to be met first! Good Luck to all the runners and I can't wait to see Pokémon blindfolded!
Hi Alpharoid56 here , just curious what is the secret of the white blanket ? is cold I am putting a lot of possibility..

Well that's alright Cave Story speedrun is always good to watch.


Good Luck Draculantern

Cheers
This is the first time I'm able to donate to one of these events, so I gotta donate during my favorite game, Cave Story!! 

Kill the animals (but not the mimigas) 
Had to donate for Cave Story,  my favourite game!  First year watching, good luck with the sanctuary and have fun!
Another summer and yet more games done in an exciting expedited manner.  These marathons give us many reasons to loose sleep and watch other people play video games all while donating to a good cause.  A shout out to the early morning crew for keeping me entertained through the wee hours of the morning.

Also, this money is to save the animals! They would donate to save you!
Is this enough to up the game resolution to at least 640x400?
Watching this DK 64 run brings back memories playing this game all the time as a kid. Like being annoyed of Loopyhead and his noises.
And kill the animals - they'd understand.
AND HIS NAME IS....
Expand Kong Hype!
This donation goes out to KFC.  When you are done running through games, run over to KFC and try the new Go Cup featuring their hand breaded chicken tenders and delicious, crispy potato wedges. When you're done, save the animals, just not the chickens.
With this donation you can now save the animals! 

I've been watching GDQ events for about four years now, and i'm glad to see such nice speedruns for a good cause.
Big fan of Doom N64, good luck on the run!
Thanks to this event I'm becoming a big fan of the speedrun scene. Great job to all of the runners so far and good luck to the rest coming up. You guys are doing lots of good for lots of people and it makes me glad to be a gamer.

HYPE!
Watching the GDQ events helped keep me sane during my bouts of homelessness, now that I have a place and a nice job I can finally contribute.  I don't care if you kill the animals, just don't waste them #PlanetZebesBackyardBBQ2015
Dig that hype, guys.  Keep up the dank hax, and the great work. Also, the chat on Twitch is spiraling out of control. I fear for my safety.

Money goes to: runner's choice.

Love, Jen (aka StepHeadedRedChild)
PRAISE RNJESUS
This week has been my first time watching GDQ and I've been loving it so far, had to make a donation during my favorite game of all time. Great job runners and everyone else making this event possible. 

Half to A Link to the Past 100% and half to Pokemon Puzzle League!
Here's my part for this season of runs.  I've always loved watching GDQ.  Thank you so much to everyone for being so awesome!  Cheers to all future GDQ runs.
I've been watching GDQs for a few years. Seeing all the money raised each time and the amazing runs leaves me hyped for the next. Finally am able to donate for the first time because I am working. Keep up the great work and break more games! Onwards to 550k and beyond?
Hey Joden! May the RNG goddess bless you with nuts. I stayed up till like 5 am in the morning to watch this.
Love agdq and everyone involved. Best of luck to all the runners!
Oooooooh yea it's Jodenstone! I'm staying up real late to support ya, buddy! Good luck, and I hope this donation pleases the RNG gods with your run! Also, everyone here at SGDQ is amazing! Thank you for such an incredible event! Put this donation towards the runner's choice.

PS - HESS WE CAN!
I've never played the game, but I hear Halo's a pretty cool guy. He kills aliens and doesn't afraid of anything. Shoutouts to everyone keeping this event running smoothly, you're all doing a wonderful job.
Shout-out to Meme Master Branch and the rest of the Meme Team.
This is some of my plasma money. We all have something to give. Give the gift of life to give the gift of life. Kill the animals.
This is my first GDQ! I'm enjoying watching these great games played by skilled players. Thanks for the great event for a great cause!
Loving this run. Halo speed runs are always the best.
This is from My Girlfriend and I. SGDQ is an AWESOME Charity stream and it makes me feel happy that my donation will go to a good use! 
Hey guys, you didn't bless the run! This will not be teh run.  Good luck on the rest of the run Blaze and good luck to all other runners as well.
To save or not to save- that is the question:
Wether 'tis nober in the mind to save
the aliens and animals of super metroid
or to take frames against a timer of seconds
and by taking end them. To run- to sleep-
no more; and by a sleep to say we end the runs.
Thanks to all the runners out there! Thanks SpeedRunsLive for getting myself and so many others into watching speedruns, and many of its runners for promoting and participating in this event.
Hi all, Mongrel here, aspiring Feline Wizard and blanket kneader extraordinaire. Someday after I have napped and then mastered fireball, I will work on healing spells. Until then, you runners are doing a great job helping your fellow humans. It's good to see you all finally find a good use for those ridiculous opposable thumbs! Put my donation to Minecraft All Achievements, cause one is giving a cat some fish! Oh, and save those animals! Sheesh. 
Love watching the SGDQ every year and chance i get. Had to donate for my favorite game series of all time! Good luck with the run its time to finish the fight! Thanks to SGDQ for the work they do and they lives they help save. Love you all and kill those animals :D
The Mega Man block has been a truly awesome watch. Good luck to cleartonic on running what I consider to be the hardest Mega Man game of all.

This is the final donation I can make for now, but if I find out that this was read on the stream I will double my total contribution.

As for where this money's going, let's do something new and shave the animals!
Hey, Tonic. Sorry I ended up not being able to be there in person for your run, but best of luck for the run! Especially the zips! 
I love SGDQ and I'm glad to be helping Médecins Sans Frontières. It's a great organization and all of you speedrunners are amazing to watch and listen to. 
Had to rock the super fighting robot block with a donation and a friendly reminder that the best genre of music is "Mega Man".
I watched the first few days of this stream from the hospital recovering from appendicitis.  It was pretty humbling realizing how where I lived so directly influenced how I fared.  Let's save frames and save lives!
Megaman has always been one of the most challenging games for me.  It's crazy to see you guys just demolish them.  

Also kill the animals.  Well not really kill them, just abandon them.
Shout out to Lars and Steve on your birthdays! We've played so many great games together. This donation is for you! 
I'm making another donation because Golden said that every little donation adds up, and I think he's right. The people in this world who have the least are often those that give the most, and I need some way to justify taking a week off work to watch this as a good deed >.>

Almond's choice for where this goes; you had a *lot* of clutch boss fights.
sad there is no duckfist but all the megaman runners have been amazing! 
Thank you for organizing such a great event, and for a good cause!
For another awesome Mega Man block!
Man, I wish I could come up with something witty besides 'hugs, not drugs', but really looking forward to half a million and this Mega Man block
Simply the best block of games you'll watch, gl to all the mega man runners and shout out to the greatest attachment in mega man 4 the wire.  wire refight skip hype! PS when is mm1 chelney? OSfrog
Greetings from the UK. Thanks for doing some awesome runs guys. Helps alleviate boredom from report writing. Donation goes towards the Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion run, can't wait! HYPE HYPE!
I first played The Wily Wars when it was available via the Sega Channel on the Genesis. Unfortunately, that was the only US release and it wouldn't save you beating Mega Man 1-3, so unlocking Wily Tower was impossible. Hopefully I can win the reproduction cartridge so I can finally finish the game after all these years.

Oh, and save the frames, not the animals.
Super excited for the Classic Mega Man block. So far this entire SGDQ has been absolutely amazing. Let's get that Luigi's Mansion race happening. Shout out to all the runners, sponsors, behind the scenes crew, and doctors without borders.
Hi

Is the speederunner that works for Conan'Obrian as an artist?
Iceplug, are the weaknesses also switched for this rom?
Hey everybody,

Long time watcher of these Games Done Quick Speedruns and now that I have a job I can FINALLY donate some money towards this incredible event.

Put this money towards getting that sweet Luigi's mansion  race going. FiFi and Boohead are both incredible runners and deserve to show their stuff!
Hey SGDQ! Love you guys and all you do. Shoutouts to the tech crew, Speedrunning the sound boards for 7 days straight in shifts is beyond hardcore! Put my money to Chrono Trigger 100%, come on guys we're almost halfway there!
Donating this as I pick up my jaw from the floor, awesome performance from Muncha, great commentary from the couch and the developers. This run could not get any better!
Won't someone think of the frames, kill the animals.
Doctors Without Borders is a very worthwhile cause.  Put this donation toward whatever goal the next donator supports.
This has been an incredible GDQ event and it's amazing to see how broken games can get. Looking forward to the Super Metroid run on the final day. Save the frames, kill the animals.
All these awesome runs makes my head spin, know what I mean? Let's not let the animals become like Jeff here, save them.
Because Baguette !
Hey, SoberDwarf here! SGDQ is both the best and worst thing that has happened to my work schedule. Silly/Awful Games Done Quick is one of my favorite segments of the week. These games need love too.

I'm donating $5, but I'll donate an extra $5 if GamerDomey can explain the plot of Hello Kitty: Roller Rescue to everyone! Good luck to all the runners!

(P.S. I'm donating a full $10 now anyway, tell him thanks for the effort if he does!)
Metal Gear!
This speedrun - the clipping is intensifying to the point where we might not be able to contain it.

Why contain it? S'cool.
Gotta get that mean bean machine!
I've missed most of the run, but #HugsForHenneko requires a donation! 
g
First time seeing a run of this game! But listening to Henneko keep his cool through all of this has been much more entertaining. Keep it up! We all believe in you. #hypeforhenneko
Despite the ridiculous kick in the teeth from this game, Henneko has been a joy to watch. All the luck going into the future.
All  aboard the support train! Go Henneko Go! Keep up the great run and great attitude.
I was debating donating again but the announcer made me do it.  Henneko is a great runner with interesting commentary even through the issues he's been having.  I do wish the couch was a little bit more verbal, but Henneko is killing it anyways.  This has been one of my favorite runs so far - keep it up!
I don't remember any of this in the Jake Gyllenhaal movie.
When I was a kid I got stuck playing Earthbound so I called the gods at  the Nintendo Power Hotline. They told me I'd broke the game and I should give up. 
I drank the cup of coffee and skipped school to prove them wrong. It's so awesome to see you guys turn breaking Earthbound into an art.








I don't have a lot to give because I'm in college and struggling from medical problems, but there is always room to share. Keep up the good work, long time viewer first time donator 
Joel, get on skype
To the Apple of Enlightenment.
First time watching GDQ live. Keep up the great work on the EB run. Hoping to see all of LTTP.
This is my donation so you can buy yourself a Peanut Cheese Bar. 
BOING KAY-O!! 
KAY-O Earthbound is my favorite favorite game of all time enjoying watching it being preformed beautifully by the runner put this towards saving the frames ZOOM
Had to donate during my all-time favorite game Earthbound. Keep up the good work!
My fellow humans, you bring me joy, and  through you I can bring much needed aid. Good times, guys.
Donating yet another 5 bucks just because I can. Let's hit that mark for a blind speedrun of Pokemon Blue. About $7000 more to go.
Would love to see the older games broadcast with CRT effects overlaid, for max nostalgia. 
[FR] I want to be part of the perlers lottery please ! <3 love
I had to donate once I saw jkoper doing a run. He's one of my favorite streamers. 

Thank you to everyone who makes these events possible. 
JKoper, nice screen scroll noob!

Our doctors have no borders and thanks to screen scrolling, Zelda has no borders either.

Good luck! We're all counting on you!
A convention Center all about speed running and donating to charity? It's a dream come true! Keep up the awesome work and break those game down!
Hey all, I have been watching AGDQ and SGQD for a few years now, and I finally have a killer job that allows me to donate money for a cause.  So naturally, I want to kill the animals.  Save the frames; speed run the games!!!
It's dangerous to go alone... 
Wait where are you going? Come back!


Dont read out:
Would be cool if you could unban me "Colaflasche90" in chat ;D
Had to donate again to support a great cause. Why are we fighting over saving or killing animals when we have a more important cause to support: Saving the world in Link's Pajamas.

This is going towards Wind Waker Pajama%
Hey fozzy, its JT. All of the Hot Local Singles from Dragon Roost are currently watching, if you needed to know. This run does have it's ups and downs, but its nice to see a 3ds zelda in a GDQ. Good Luck on the rest of the run! Put my donation to Fozzy's choice.
Been watching GDQs for years now and have donated during as many of them as I could. I appreciate the work that everyone puts into the events and the help provided to the charities. Keep on gaming and helping people.

This is the first of many possible donations this time around!

Pushing money to saving the animals since my girlfriend is such an animal lover.
You guys are awesome and really enjoying seeing some new tricks on Majora. Towards Chrono Trigger 100%!
Best Zelda: Links Awakening DX
Come at me scrub lord I'm ripped
Been waiting for the Majora's Mask section to toss in my donation, this was one of the defining games of my childhood.

Shoutouts to all my jaowz watching this.
Greetings from England. First time donator and let's save the animals. Don't want to upset PETA.
Getting hype for some Zelda! Ready to see that swordless run!
I'm loving this SGDQ so far, Just wishing good luck to everyone.  I'm putting this for TASBot's Mega man glitch run because who doesn't love glitches!
Good job everyone! Keep doing things right for people in needs
Gotta donate for Freedom Planet. Hoping that my contribution will help to save everyone. Except the animals. Kill them.
Hey guys! Thanks for checking out Freedom Planet! Its an honor to have you guys play our game. So thanks again and good luck! 

- Alejandro Saab voice of Mayor Zao  (Freedom Planet)
LOVE Freedom Planet, and had to try to get in on those Perlers. Half to runner's choice, half to announcer's choice!
Even if its a speed run, dont forget your heart

Save the animals!
Kill the save! Frame the animals!
G'day from Japan! Watching with my boyfriend in Australia. I'm currently working overseas so I love to bond over our mutual love of video games whenever we can. Looking forward to Pokemon Puzzle League, used to play it with my Mum when I was a kid. Great to watch you guys and even greater to see everyone contributing to a great cause.
I always love seeing a good run of Earthworm Jim. You show that Queen Pulsating, Bloated, Festering, Sweaty, Pus-filled, Malformed, Slug-for-a-Butt whose boss!
I never beat Kirby's Avalanche as a kid, but I spent a lot of hours on it.  Thanks for showing me how it's done.
Hey guys, thanks for making my horrendously boring work day tolerable. I only got to watch the last 20 minutes of the Kirby's: Superstar run but that game was basically my entire childhood. 

Let half of this donation go to the Superstar runner's choice and half to the dude who just ripped his shirt on stream doing awesome "voice acting"
Hey guys! Love all the speedruns! Great cause! Keep it up!

Can't wait for Chrono Trigger, favourite game of all time!
I don't have anything to say...
Wonderful GDQ , as always... Excited for kirby! Keep up the amazing work, everyone!
First donation of this marathon. Kirby is one of my favorite series so it is always fun to see the games run. Money's going towards Pokemon Puzzle League.
Waited all week to donate during the Kirby block. SUPER pumped for controller cam and that Super Star run!
Hey SGDQ. I have to go to work now, but I at least get to see a little bit of the Kirby block before I go. I'm missing out on Kirby Super Star, but good luck to UsedPizza, I'm excited to watch the run when  I get home.
here take some money! you guys are really awesome  also keep the kirby train going! 
Hey guys! Thanks for the awesome way to do nothing at work and still be productive!
Donating for my son, Lain, who has been a Kirby fan since he was 3 playing Kirby AirRide. Kirby's Avalanche For the Win!
Great event and great cause as usual. May the fast be with the runners.
best hotline miami 2 stream.
Always love tuning in to GDQ events every year. Keep up the great work guys
I joined in to watch Symphony of the Night and Shantae and was AMAZED by how beautiful of a game Ori was. I also love GDQ and these runners for breaking such great games. Thank you all!
Woke up just to donate for this one, wish I could stay up for the whole thing. Good Luck!
Thanks for the amazing event! Always fun seeing great runners just blaze through these games.
Always love seeing these awesome runners raising money for good use. Thanks for all the hard work and keep the party going
Why do so many want to kill all of the fluffy animals? Do what's right, save the animals and kill those frames.
My fiance's dog got killed today by a car. In honor of Ripley, all 100 is going towards saving the animals. Loving the stream so far and Castlevania runs are among my favorite to watch. Dragondarch I look forward to seeing more of your regular streams!
A great cause, and some awesome games. Putting all this towards using Megaman in MM & Bass, because hard mode or bust!
First time donating, really happy to catch Mega Man X4 live. One of my favorite games and it's always fun to see you guys at work. What am I fighting for? A great cause, that's what.
Hi Dave a.k.a. SlurpeeNinja!  Represent from Calgary, nice Mega Man X3 Commentary!  - Clayton a.k.a. Blisterpack
Hype for Mopey's run and best of wishes to him from me and all of Kikka Chat! 
CALEB,

REKT THE COUCH!
All respect to Iwata, you were a great man and an inspiration to many. But this is revenge for Marco beating BEN the last time we had a shot at deciding the Majora's Mask filename.

Also save the animals.
Caleb i don't know the status you left the couch in but when you return home please fix it for all of us on Team Fix.  Good luck on the race.
Thanks to all the runners for your commitment to such a great cause. I'm going to donate every time some says "that has never happened before," but I'm donating here to get in on the sweet raffle prizes.
Put this towards my favoritest game all time, Dr robotniks mean bean machine
This is the URN Kappa
My first 50.00 comment was not read, hopefully this makes it. Caleb is probably the main reason why I actually got into watching speed runners, and I appreciate everything that he stands for in regards to the entire Speed Run community. Thank you for having such a great event and I look forward to seeing the Gainz from Caleb and Big Jon on Friday. I will be donating $100.00 more if Caleb can mimic my laugh which is appropriately "Hue Hue Hue".
Hello again SGDQ, second donation of the marathon!

Had to donate some money during the Mega Man X block; since they are some of my favorite games of all time!

Shoutouts to the Gray Dragon for getting me into the series all those years ago.  SNES hype!

Money goes toward saving the animals.  SpikeVegeta is so rad!  Keep up the radness!
In best Peppy Hare voice:  "Good work!  Keep up the pace!"  "Don't mess up that Ride Armor!"  "Use the Boost to Chase!".   Also, 100% run on Chrono Trigger, because seriously people we need to get this FUNDed.
Popping my Donation-cherry with this one. I admire the work you do and all the work it takes. Save the frames but Kill the animals!
donating a 2nd time just because my first donation was not read, love watching older videos on youtube, glad to be able to donate. good luck to all the runners!  put this to announcers choice.
i was going to say kill the animals but they are so cute so kill the overseer in fallout instead
Getting hype for some Mega Man X! One of my favorite game series.
Also, save the animals!
How could they call this game PRIME 2  if 2 isn't prime?  anyway good luck to the runners and everyone working behind the scenes. 
Great run so far! Keep up the good work and looking forward to more speed runs. Death to the animals!
Make it rain? <3 MSF
I have been waiting all event to see you rock this game Shasta. I could not be more happy or excited. Good luck and have fun man!
Love  AGDQ and SGDQ, keep it up!
I really wish I was able to attend, seeing as I only live an hour and a half away.  The good news is, since I am working more this week, I am able to donate more money! This donation goes to SpikeVegeta's choice.
First time donating, hopefully not the last! Been watching for a few years, so I figure I was due.
Being a cancer survivor and a gamer I can deeply appreciate what you guys are doing.  I've worked a few years in QA testing and breaking games and it's always fun to see how people use those exploits to beat the game so quickly.  From everyone who has  been  affected by this disease i'd like to say "Thank you"
(please read as sarcastically as possible) Just donating to tell you they are GONK DROIDS, not FRIDGE ROBOTS. Goes to announcers choice since the runner OBVIOUSLY doesn't know the expanded universe.
Good luck to the speedrunners! May RNGesus ever be in your favor!
First time seeing the stream ever really enjoying it hope to see more very good games 
Shoutout to Kheartz and Azure. I'm entering speedrun through Digimon World Games, so really excited to see this run on SGDQ. What's next? Digimon Rumble Arena is 10 minutes...

Gonna put this donation for Pokemon Blue blindfold, oh wait that's not Digimon Kappa
Love your streams. Watch both streams and youtube channel!
A fun and meaningful event :-)
Thanks to all the runners, crew sponsors and co-commentators among  others for breaking the games we love, all for a good cause! Also this Event couldn't  have come more timely, since I will be spending most of the next few days home alone while my girlfriend is out working! Again, THANK YOU for doing this!
Booker, here!
*throws coin*
*throws salts*
*throws kitchen sink*
5 dollars from anonymous. wait what? kill the animals
Fifty Dollars from! 
404:
Comment not found.
First time donating. Keep up the good work.
Somebody please tell Ray Narvaez Jr. that William said hi, and follow me on twitter  @SoldierOfXenu
Great Tetris demo. Wonderful to see Kan come over to show off his skill.  This money is going toward the Striker Serenade. Everyone needs to hear this nerd sing!
gl to Chaotic Ace in his run and shoutout to one of my favorite streamers, Thursday__, on the couch. SUDDENLY MONKEYS
First time donating and I'm glad i did, hope you have a wonderful time!
Only fitting that I donate for the Majora's Mask 3DS during the Zelda run, put this towards the Pokemon Puzzle League incentive
Love you guys, I remember finding a few 'game breaks' in my days growing up, but seeing what you guys have done to bring it to this level raising money for a good cause is amazing.  Oh yeah...Feasel...swordless Legend of Zelda...I'm rooting for you to run it.  Good luck Speedrunners and love you guys
I may not be able to watch my favorite games played, but  Tetris block has made up for that. Going towards Dustforce secret level because seriously, defying gravity rules.
More Kirby is always a win!
Hyped for Tetris! Shoutouts to the 502 krew!
Thank to the entire TGM crew for showing me this incredible game at AGDQ.  It's been a blast learning the true meaning of finesse these past few months, and hopefully one of these days, I'll be on stage demoing this as a grandmaster too.
Shouts to Bean Ball Roger, the best Ninja Batman
been having fun watching past runs. having lots of fun this watching for the first time. goodluck on all the runs.
Love to support a good cause! Also, #MainMenu Also, Rachel, ya killed it gurl!
$30 to a Twilight Princess file name, cause it's pointless. I just want my shot at the PS4
It's so great to see gamers giving back! Good luck to the two biggest nerds on Twitch with their Octodad run. BTW, Gongon isn't cute at all.
Good luck Geoff! Put this towards Mean Bean Machine because Genesis does what Nintendont
Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like Toejam?
first time watching the event keep up the good work. and good luck to all runners . greetings from Sweden:)
Always a pleasure watching glitches make games seem easy! I'm still waiting for an Impossible Ironman X:COM speedrun live!
First time donator, long time watcher. Keep up the kick ass work! You guys are freakin amazing. I'd love to see a big round of applause for all the runners for being the bad-asses that they are.
Long time lurker first time donater now I can officially say I am supporting the cause hopefully other lurkers will follow
Is PJ.
I'm so excited to see the #stuffPJbreaks through this run. I expect nothing less than game breaking  glitches.
Feasel is the best. Good luck on the run.
Hi
Dear Feasel, Here is hoping HE does not show up in this run, Because I am ready to make my donation if you dare to invoke his name!
Homeless Gandolf,  blueberries,  pot free cast,  being so intimate with Will Farrel. These two were the funniest pair I've seen so far. 
Beyond the awesome charity work, this event is a great way to find out about games I didn't know existed! Ghosts N Goblins and Maldita Castilla both look really fun and I had no idea they were things. Shout out to all the speed runners who've become experts at their respective games! Keep up the good work! :D
YAY! DONATION!
First time donating to a GDQ, hopefully not the last.  Thanks for consistenly putting on great streams, guys.   Putting this towards Boshy. Also, shoutout to rays for being a dingus.  raysFox
Greetings from New Zealand.

Don't have much to spare but had to donate for Bonesaw, one of my favourite runners!

Great event so far, keep it up!
Can't tell you how good it is to see a lady speedrunning for once! GDQ needs more diversity! You're doing great, friend!
I see my main man Bonesaw is on the couch for this Silent Hill 2 run. I have to give an early shoutout to Boneswag since unfortunately I won't be staying up late enough to watch his run live. But anyway, best of luck to all runners, and may all your urns be "teh urnest". Also...KILL THE ANIMALS (sorry Bonesaw, but as an American I say the deed must be done).
Hello guys, I'm so happy to watch Fallout at SGDQ, it's one of the best RPG ever. This event is so great, congratz to all runners and the team who provides this event. Thank you and good luck from France.
Well we better make Metroid Fusion canon, so save the animals
$1 from everyone watching right now will nearly double just sayin
I did a little research today, and saw that SDA's first charity drive reached a goal of $10,000. Look at us a few years later on the verge of breaking 100,000 on the first day!!!
You're doing great JTB, I'm getting genuine nostalgic fear.
You've got a great couch crew, Cheers from Vancouver Canada!
Is it just me or do we still not have $100000 yet?

Keep up the good work everybody!

And don't forget to donate <3
Glad to see the proceeds going to the best kind of doctors - the ones that aren't in it for the money, but for the health and well-being (both physically and mentally) of people all over the globe. Good luck to all runners, and thank you for making this event possible!
Resident Evil 4 Hype!   Been looking forward to this all day  !  :D   Hooray for Spooky Games.  <3

Love all the work you have been doing.   Keep up the great work.  
Great runs so far! Hype for Shenmue!!!!!!
I am Large here! Saw there were no donations, so here's 10 for the Nemesis% run! Hey Carcinogen, why aren't you knifing Nemesis? Great run so far :D
Shoutout to Carci for being awesome, the situation in chat must be made worse by the addition of more bees! 
Put this toward H3 legendary, keep it up guys. 
Great cause. Keep up the great work and good luck to all runners. Greetings from Brazil
I'd be remiss in not donating during one of my favorite childhood games. Shout out to the tech support!
Money goes to runners choice!
Guys, I love hot dogs. 
Five dollars is five dollars. I just want to support DWB. Anyway, I'm super excited to see a bunch of gamers gathered together for such an awesome event. SGDQ HYPE! Also, I'll donate thirty dollars if the audience yells Kappa. Not kidding.
Thank you for a super entertaining event. It's started off great, I'm really enjoying the DK race. One of my favorite childhood games.
Love, Elly.
This is my first time watching SGDQ live! Shoutout to my besties Leanna and Vincent. Good luck to all the runners, kill the animals!
Gotta donate another 5 dollars for Iwata. He was a brilliant man, and he will be missed. Keep up the great work guys!
Good games for a good cause.  Let's see that Eden run!
This is something that should just be done - Iwata will be remembered.  
I'm not saying I run adblock but if I did, I would totally turn it off for you guys. Keep up the good work! Put this towards any 100% (or equivalent) run that hasn't been met yet.
3rd time watching a GDQ and its amazing everytime! love the runners love the cause also donating for that DKC3 Pizza file name cause who doesnt love a good pizza!
Keep it up! You're doing amazing things! These fifty dollars go to Chrono Trigger 100%. Wonder Shot hype! Also can't wait for the Freedom Planet race.
Glad to have finally caught a GDQ stream, also glad to give some cash to a good cause. Thanks for the awesome runs!
Here is to going fast and killing the animals.
An amazing event for an amazing cause, keep up all the great work. Can't wait for all the hype.
Gotta donate all i can to my favorite game as a kid, even with how broke I am! Props to the Games Done Quick crew for all their hard work to make this marathon what it is!
Where is that damn fourth Chaos Emerald?
Hey that anonymous bloke is a really generous guy/gal
Second  time watching SGDQ. Had a great time last year and can't wait for the amount of fun this week are gonna bring. Oh, BTW... SAVE THE ANIMALS!
shout out to goo lynx <3
Hello.

This is my first SGDQ and first donation. Actually, this is my first everything for this. I'm kind of nervous to be doing this honestly.  I should get over it, but I suppose it's normal.

Anyway, I want my donation to go to pokemon puzzle league because puzzles are fun and I remember puzzle league more than the gen 1 games. I remember playing puzzle league on the 64. Never beat it, but I just enjoy playing it and barely understanding anything about it.

I should stop. So, I guess that's it. Thank you for the event.
That yoshi play is really making the sonic block look bad.
Always great to see Trihex humiliate the Yoshi's Island Bosses. Shout out to Bee Dog for introducing me to GDQ!
FR Good luck to all the super players . Thanks GDQ , o/ from France ! Ma bite mon zboub !
Good luck to all the runners, keep up the awesome work!
I can't believe we haven't heard about it yet,  and I can't believe that it isn't happening.

Here's a dollar.  Lets kill some animals.
This is my second year catching GDQs in person, but  is my first time watching after becoming an actual speed runner myself. Looking forward to all the crazy runs. Good luck to everyone!
Have been waiting for another games done quick so much, thank you all! 
free me
Happy to donate to a good cause, and it's always impressive to see the skills on display at these events.
So how bout a Trihex Shirtless Run part 2? How much would that be?
Good plays to all the games...
AGDQ makes me proud to be a gamer. Good work from everyone involved, can't wait for the next one!
Let's hit the million =)
Beat cancer and save the frames but don't forget to save the wolves, too x3
It's been a great event, thanks to everyone making that event possible, you do a great job =)
Greetings and howlings from Germany =3
Shoutout to the Tex-Block community <3
1 million HYPE!
This has been the best AGDQ thus  far, and I cannot wait for the next time  gamers come together to beat up cancer!
Thank you for an amazing week of speedrunning goodness, now let's top it off with a million dollars for a good cause! 
Here's 10 bucks to help getting to the million! I deeply respect all of you for doing this for such a good cause. You guys did an awesome job these past few days and I really had to donate during one of my favorite games of all time. OOT HYPE!
Love Zelda. Love AGDQ. And to my cousins: COLLUSION!!
Third and last time donating. Just gotta dang did it mayne. 1 MILLION HYPE
Hey guys,  Hype for the million lets get it. 

P.S. Great run, but quite special to watch after all those time watching cosmo break that record, you guys are awesome!
It's over! 100% is dead! Great run ZFG and all over runners. Great effort! Can't wait for next year. 
Kick that cancer in the ass guys :)

pls read this with an german accent:
Ja, ja, Wienerschnitzel !

xD
Looking sleepy back there on the bench! Keep up the good work, kicking butt and saving lives! Get that million! We can do it!
It's been said before, but if every person watching the stream right now gives one dollar, we'll clear one million with room to spare--but it'll only work if EVERYONE watching does their part. If you've already donated, try to find just one more dollar in return for the entertainment all of the runners have provided you this week. If you haven't given anything yet, now is your chance--even a small amount is better than nothing, because as cliche as it may sound, every dollar really does help in the fight to prevent cancer.

P.S.: I couldn't decide between Wind Waker and ALTTP for best Zelda game, but ALTTP won in a coin toss.
Been following AGDQ for a couple years now and hang out with all my friends online in a google hangout and watch the stream when we aren't working, and sometimes when we are.  Here's to another awesome Speed Running event and to reaching the 1 million mark!  #ciggle
Waltilla from sweden says tnx for making my first week as dadsvecation (semester for taking care of kid) phat! 
First time I've been watching AGDQ and have had a blast all week! Thanks to all runners and 1MIL HYPE!
I LOVE THIS STREAM! (btw donated 25 earlier that you didnt reaf d ;)
Donating in hopes that  I see fewer people at my work's oncology unit. Keep up the great work!
Thanks for this amazing event and greetings from germany.

I am donating late so Ill keep it short - cancer is the worst and you guys are the best. See you next time!
Keep up the awesome work! You guys are making a huge difference. Can we get a roll call from the couch? Thanks!
*read in a high pitched voice please* 
HEY!
LOOK!
LISTEN!
----
Big shoutout from Germany! Thanks everyone!
$1,000,000 hype
Thanks to ZFG for the awesome run. FrankerZ in the chat.
I totally missed the super Metroid run.  this goes to my best friend David being the bravest humanbeing  I know through his mothers chemo. he is my hero. 
