Was going to donate, but forgot to do so during the event. Better late than never I guess!
Been watching for the past few years. Keep up the awesome work. More zelda the better 
This is fun and good to do.
Here hold 5 buck 
Good work
I can't bear to leave the donation total at such an uneven, ugly number. Ideally I'd like to have it at $1,300,000.00, but this will have to do. I love everyone involved with SGDQ, can't wait for AGDQ 2017!
Nevermind, I can't math. Here's another $5. Not that anyone will read this.
Is this still up? Here's another $5. Puts us over $1.3 mil.
Hey bros good luck on the runs,  kill the animals,  and... ok wait can I just say, like, real talk im gettin tired of reading all these donations. my voice hurts. i get NO RESPECT and im just done *get up and walk out donation person*
Glad to see some friends on the main stage this year. Props to all the great people in the community who make this wonderful event possible.
Caught my first GDQ last summer and instantly fell in love with it! First time donating, and certainly not my last! 
Well done all!
Loved the event! Can't wait till AGDQ in January. Good luck to MSF!
Thanks for a great event
It's been a fantastic show so far, keep it up everyone!
Work made it hard to watch the runners as much as I was able to last year. But I got to catch some of LackAttack's SMRPG. Lots of fun for an amazing cause. Best wishes, and always SAVE THE ANIMALS.
I'ma go practice Banjo Kazooie runs.
greate job, thanks to all the runners, organizers and ofcourse the doctors 
PEPSI-MAAAANNNNNN
Love your passion for games!
Almost done! Let's break a new record!
Pinnball! Yeah
For the cow level I keep hearing so much about.
Loved all of these awesome games and speed runs, can't wait to catch them again in January!
I look forward to you, Pinball Joe. I absolutely love you. I've been saving my money just to donate to you.
Late donation, you're the best guys on this planet. =o) Greetings from Hungary.
Thanks guys for another good year, see you all in January!
Hey mom, I'm on TV!
Don't want to go without giving one last dontion. What an amazing cause. Thank you all 
Let's get that 1.3 million.
Great show!
gg wp
Well done.
Great job everyone!
Thanks for this year SGDQ, i couldn't watch like the other times but I was fully with you, good job!
i hope i'm not too late!!!
Good night! And Thank you
Thanks for another awesome event!
hello
Gotta hit 1.3 million!
Loved the GDQ this year! Thanks to all the runners and everyone involved!
it may not be much, but thankyou guys for doing what you do
20 dollars to cheese for finishing this run!
SM64 extra race was great.

Thanks to all for a great SGDQ2016!
dank
Thank you for very awesome event for great cause. It's always a treat to watch games being destroyed in order to go fast. I hope everyone have been great week, i know my sleep cycle is upside down.  Community around speedrunners are amazing. It's cheerful to hear everybody reacting in such way if something happens in a run. Let's have a huge clapping to the runners, audience and the crew behind managing the event. 
Humble Bundle!
Always great to see a Mario 64 race. Thanks for the awesome event everyone! Greetings from germany.
Link's Awakening
We've been watching Games Done Quick for years now, and this is our first time donating. We know it's not much, but hopefully we can contribute more in the years to come. We also however think there's too much Mario going on right now, and we wanted to request for the crowd to let out one more cry for Waluigi before SGDQ comes to a close! "WAAAAAAAAHHHH!"
This is my third year watching SGDQ. I cannot express how important and wonderful this week --- this whole event has been to me. Yet, Doctors Without Boarders is so much more important to so many others in need around the world. Runners, you are our heroes.

Never forget that.

Also, WAAAAAAAAAAA
If you can't handle me at my diddliest, you dont deserve me at my doodliest. 
Thanks for a cool GDQ!
Ive got a whole bar here in downtown Austin, TX checking out the last run of the week. Good job to all tje runners this week. Ive got a group of us here willing to donate a dollarfor every pushup Binny can do after the run. Good luck! 
Never too late for small donation. The fiancée is mad at how you can gather 70 stars  so quickly while it took months for her to do so. Love what you guys do. Thanks for another amazing SGDQ. HYPE!
We're all rooting for Biinny here in the front row. Biinny and his perfect haircut. Stop letting puncay win dude!
Greetings from germanguy101. Long time watcher second ti... welll you get my drift.
Happy to donate to such a great cause.
I wish everybody a great summer, and hope both organizers and the runners give eachother a large pat on the back.
Oh yeah - also the crazy twitch chat.
Good job guys.
Squeezing in a donation before the end! Thanks for a ton of entertainment and all the hard work from everyone involved!
Here's to this last race, good job guys. Going the distance and not sleeping to finish this last race.
Just wanted to get my first donation for a GDQ before the event was over. Love what you guys do and am already excited for the next AGDQ! Donation goes to winners choice!
I made it in time! Amazing cause, amazing runners, amazing SGDQ!
Wanted to donate before it ended. Cheers for the awesome event. 
All I want to say is thank you to everyone who made this awesome event possible.
I just want to see the total say 1234567 for a second. Thanks to all of you for being so awesome. It's so good to see this many people come together and raise so much for MSF.
Shut up and take my last-minute donation. :)
Greetings from Germany
congratulations on the money, here's some more
Go Biinny!

Congrats everyone at SGDQ.  Another great event!
HELLO EVERONE!!!
So stoked that all four of you nailed early ellies!!! Good job, fam. Here's the extra 40, as promised!
Unlikely a small donation will get read this late in the marathon but in case it does I wanna say thanks so much to everyone; the runners, the organizers, the announcers, the tech team, everyone who helps put this amazing event together. I've been watching for 3 or 4 years now and it's truly inspiring to see. I look forward to these every year.
Well done to everyone involved in this incredible cause. The amount raised has defied all expectations. It is so great to see this simply amazing Super Mario 64 race, congratulations to all! WhAAAAAAAAAA!!
Give me your best Waluigi "WAAAAAAAAH"

Also Twitch Chat spam Klappa for this amazing race.  Fantastic way to close out SGDQ 2016
So glad that I get off of night shift early and have a chance to catch the SM64 run. Good luck to the rest of the runners. Game on! 
GDQ restores my faith in humanity. Much love to the staff, runners, viewers, supporters and the doctors. Love will always win.
EZ Follow YouTubeBrock, I'm the best
Im glad i got the chance  to see this year's  sgdq and agdq and because of that i will  do my usual  5.00 donation  to help thanks for this year's  sgdq and save the animals 
To this day, my cousin is still convinced that Mario says "Let's pickle" when entering stages.

This is my last donation of the marathon, thanks to all the runners, support staff, and donators. You all deserve a huge round of applause for all the good you've brought to this world.
My girlfriend and I are loving this race. Super Mario 64 made me want to become a professional game designer. Thanks to all the runners for blowing our minds on a Saturday night. 
I have been addicted to the stream all week. You guys did a great job for a great cause. Now take this fifty dollars to save the animals
Go, Biinny! Go Biinny! GO!   cheekyMIPS
Don't have much to give, but Mario 64 was a huge part of my childhood. It felt wrong not to give after seeing this race in action. Thank you all <3
Enjoying the race guys learning a lot of stuff i didn't know about mario 64 ggs, also stop making me stay up so late lol
This event has been awesome, I'm so glad I was able to catch it live this year.
You guys are awesome. I love watching runners that put all their effort in improving their times. If I had enough time I would try to pick up a game to run myself :) 
god speed you.
You've shown that playing video games is an act of love...so many nostalgic titles being done quick, while raising money for a great cause. Thank you!
CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG
Thx as always
You guys are kicking ass. This is great. Let's-a-go!
Please destroy these games we love with every ounce of  youreffort to make charity dollars
I hope that I'm not too late to donate!
Thanks to everyone who made this possible!
For me, this is one of my favorite weeks of the year, it's like xmas again!
Awesome speedruns, awesome players, pretty much, awesome everything.
You guys rock!
=)
Cheeese babe! Best of luck, wish I could have been there, if only I hadn't broke my leg. RIP
Proud of you all and best of luck! Love 64 as always and thank you for donating your time so I will donate this! 
Here's to vaccinations.
I'm sad to see the event come to a close, but just so hype for going above and beyond last year's goal! Until winter comes, let's keep the gaming going and the speed running alive! Bless you all for your hard work and dedication, and see you in several months!
My name is A Joy. I've watched every day this week. I love games. Please announce me.
The hype for this race is so real that I had to donate again. Also Over Million Dollars HYPE
is mario the one with the mustache? 
First time watching SDGQ live, this run has been great and congratulations to all the runners and staff! It really makes military life more manageable as this was something to look forward to, and I definitely look forward to future runs.
Congratulations on breaking one million!  Can't wait until the next speed running event. This week has been a blast. Thanks for providing a way for gamers to come together and do something good for others!
Thank you!
Thanks MV and all the french restream team!
Here's to the speed runners flying through Super Mario 64 . We are Lakitu fly along with you. #MarioPuns
First Time Donating and this marks my third time watching GDQ. Even though we are at the end, I have no problem donating towards a good cause. To all of the people at GDQ: Thanks for yet another great event and thank you for all the laughs and surprises you have provided for me. Here's to many more GDQs down the line and Super Mario 64 HYPE!  
I love Games Done Quick
Hype for this amazing 70 star race!  Let's-a-go!
First time watching a GDQ event, and it has been amazing. There are some really inspirational runners out there and the community seems really loving and inclusive. Thanks for all the runs and I'm looking forward to tuning in again at the next event!
It's half a ten-dollar donation!
Doctors without Borders is a fantastic cause. Wish I could donate more but rent is killing me. Have a good night everyone! congrats on breaking the 1mil.... again.
Thank you for organising yet another awesome event for such an awesome cause. Keep up the amazing work and good luck to all the SM64 runners!
Hi guys! 3rd time watching 1st time donating, couldn't let SGDQ finish without donating at least a bit of money

Let's finish this with a blast

Also shoutouts to SimpleFlips
JUST IN TIME I HOPE
Puncay, Cheese, and Simply first got me into speedruns and I've never looked back. I'm always so excited for GDQ events and this year was no exception. Thanks to everyone for making this one so great. Now let's get some HYPE for this race.
Tell Simply I love him and Duluth loves him from Elliot
Already given several times this week, but what the heck, one more won't kill me. Good luck to all the racers!
Thanks for the amazing GDQ, keep up the good work!
This is sadly all I have right now, but I'd be sad not to donate more, especially for Mario 64
I am one of puncays subs!
Hey Puncay its me the wet wipe wizard here to give you god RNG for your sick URN!
I was looking forward to this GDQ the most since I've started watching GDQ's, but unfortunately I missed it all because sometimes life happens. I'm just glad I'm here to witness the end, and here's to many more. One love. 
I'd like to give a shout out to Support Class for their amazing on screen graphics the last few GDQs! Hope I'll be able to attend a GDQ next year!
Thanks for giving us nocturnal people something to do over the week. Im so happy to finally witness GDQ live. Here is to many more.
For the first time ever, I'm finally able to  donate after all these years of watching.  Thank you to all the staff that puts in all the hard work, and to everyone who has made it possible to break records for just playing a bunch of games.  Had to donate during my favorite speed run game, Mario64.  LETS GO PUNCAY!
I'm always so nervous about writing a comment. No amount of good words can justly highlight the good coursing through the life blood of these events. What a good predicament to be in. This world is made of love and peace!
DS DAD! You are wearing a wonderful green shirt today. We are so glad to see you here again and we, Twitch chat, would like it if you waved to the camera for us!
Love Games done quick! HYPE!
Wowza, my first time watching and I am blown away at this community coming together for such a great cause! Dobje mum, dobje chesch.  Much love!
My first live gdq thanks to all <3 
Thanks for cheering me up from a bad week. Speed runners were amazing and big shoutout to the SGDQ Staff for all there hard work and dedication!
I forgive you Mario. I watched SGDQ this week and I'm feeling the love!
I barely caught SGDQ this year because my big boy job has me working all week, but I would be remiss if I didn't donate. Not sure if the animals lived or were killed but oh well, super Mario RPG was fun to catch. Until next year!
I've made a lot of silly comments and jokes over the last week, but in my heart I love all of you. You guys are amazing, the staff, the runners, and the audience! Stay true to yourself!
Last minute donation. What an amazing event this year. Thanks and congrats to all the runners for their hard work.
I don't have a lot right now, but I'm happy to help with what I can. the GDQs are amazing and support amazing causes, thank you for hosting such an amazing event and bringing such an awesome community together.
I love you guys and what you do! Mario 64 race hype!!!
Greetings from Sweden!
I woke up early this sunday to be able to see the finale!
Thanks for a great event for a great cause!
GDQ is saving lives rights now, never forget that. but killl the animals all the same
P P M D Kreygasm
Thanks for running such an amazing event, keep it up!
grats on the success of this marathon. hi to all my friends
DS DAD what game is he playing? 
Thanks for the amazing event once again, I wish there was a GDQ every day to look forward to... 

PS, If I can hear the announcer say "Chungo" I will donate 5 more dollars
Thanks for everything! Can't wait until AGDQ!
This is great to end the stream off with and you guys just raise so much money it makes me feel happy, great job guys.
Super Mario 64 HYPE! #Team Biinny. Love Leo. 
@puncayshun: Deathmask Divine HYPE!
Just helping out :)
This is absolutely an awesome idea, I wish I could have watched this marathon from the beginning.  None the less, have fun all.  
Thank you for all of the wonderful memories this year. First time donating. Special shout out to all of the technicians and behind the scenes workers. 
I'm not able to donate much but I want to contribute to this great cause and help as much as i can. Thank you everyone for everything you do! 
First time donater, couple year watcher. Introduced to this awesome event by me ex, but definitely a positive memory that I haven't missed an AGDQ/SGDQ event since. Shout out to Sam Eustace from B.C, Canada.
Glad to a part of this years SGDQ by Donating. First time donator!
We are so very proud of all the speed runners, what a great cause. Special thanks to all who have made this event possible. Loved the Old Man River song. Go Simply Go!!! Love Simpmom and Simpdad
I love what you're doing almost as much as I loved Super Mario 64 when I was a teenager! (I LOVED that game) great event, thanks for everything.
You guys are the best!
Here's to another great GDQ
Lets keep this hype train rolling
Great marathon as always!
Currently preparing my third cup of coffee to prepare for the Mario 64 run. Here's to sleeping until noon on Sunday!
Shoutouts to Simpleflips!
Here's 25 dollars to get they guy in the blueshirt with the beard to wave back. ya look great dude! 
One more donation-I'll eat from home tomorrow! Thanks to SGDQ Super Mario RPG is TRENDING on twitter. A classic and the best RPG, ever, getting the recgonition it deserves!
Great SGDQ!! Good job runners and tech teams. Finishing out strong with the SM64 70 start. See everyone next year for AGDQ!!
did the math and, not including shirts i bought from the yetee, i've donated exactly 150 over the past week. might as well round that up to a solid 200! take my money!
mario HYPPEE
also
WAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Wobbuffet!
This donation goes to Puncay's wet wipe fund and an all-around great event. Thanks to everyone that made this possible!
I want Mariooooooo!
Checked how much I've donated so far, and thought I'd make it a round 100. Awesome event, and I'm so hyped for the 64 run!
chesHeart
Super Mario RPG and Mario 64 back to back. Perfect way to end my Birthday. Keep up the great work.
I truly wish I could finish off by giving more, but this is all I can spare after all my other donations. Thanks for everyones time and effort to make these past few days amazing! Keep it up, can't wait for the next GDQ! 
I didn't need to sleep anyway, first time donating and I'm glad its going to a good cause
(Please read during Mario 64 intro, Island Hop is the first star!)

I've decided to donate extra this year based on how swag the Mario 64 goes. Runners, for each of you that even attempts Island Hop, I will donate an extra $10 each. I will also donate an additional $10 for each Lava Boost Early Ellies in Bowser in the Fire Sea. Good luck guys! It's been a blast hanging with you all week!
Loved watching all speed runs this week. This is a great marathon and even better that it goes to charity.  A big thank you to all the speed runners and their dedication. 
Glad I managed to catch GDQ again. I enjoyed it last time and am enjoying now.
PS. When I was a kid, I always dropped all the baby penguins off the edge in the snow level in Super Mario 64. 
Good luck to everyone!
Ty for playing one of my favorite games smrpg.
Hey guys, i've been watching all week and it's made my week off work amazing. I'd like to thank the staff, runners and everyone else for making this event worth watching. Unfortunately i'm needed back at work so i'll miss the finale. See you next GDQ. WAAAAAAHHHHH!
Been watching since 2014, always love the Super Mertroid 4 way speed runs, among others. Keep the good work, and HYPE for bonus streams comeback!

Thank you for doing this.
Rock on for donating your time and talent to raise money for Doctors Without Borders!


It was super awesome to see SMRPG ran with such precision.  I can't wait for our encore race of SM64.  Thank you Runners and Crew!  And I am happy to donate to such a worthy cause.  I hope to make it to both events next year.  This had made me get into running and I hope to join you all on the couch or in the hot seat!
We especially woke up to see the end of this awesome event, thank you for helping those awesome people from Doctors without borders <3
Last of the marathon, great runs this year and can't wait for AGDQ!
Let´s go Finland. Meet you at the market!
Does it have to end? No it doesn't! Time to find the car keys, Drink Pepsi, and Speed Run myself.
Go go Mario!
Rock on! It's been another amazing week of speedruns and donations, let's close it out on a high note!
Can't stop, Won't Stop!
Money's tight this year, but I wanted to get something in. I'm so proud of everyone for coming together to for charity. As a soldier, I can tell you that NGOs like this are crucial for bringing aid and relief to disaster areas and war zones in ways that militaries just can't.

Shout-out to the announcer for doing a great job. Let's get these last donations in for Doctors Without Collision Detection!
Thank you for the wonderful week, of wonderful people doing wonderful things! This is the best I can comfortably donate, but someday I hope to give so much more!
Good cause, and good event!
<3
It's a drop in the bucket at this point, but currently it's all I can afford to give.

I genuinely think this was the best GDQ event yet and want to express my thanks.
Hi everyone first off chat needs to give themselves of clappas, and I wanted to say that it my first time attending the event and I definitely want to attend next year.
It's been a very emotional experience watching SGDQ this year and enjoying it with everyone else! Hoping this last run will be an thrill for everyone. Thank you all!
PUSH THE LIMIT 

BREAK A NEW GDQ RECORD

ITS POSSIBLE?

ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ GO PUNCAY GO ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
Donating one last time, while the marathon is still on, because I won't be able to donate while watching replays on Youtube in the coming months.  Wonderful job everyone involved!
Thank you AGDQ for making being sick at home less sucky.
Hallo!
jeeeeeeeeeeeeeej
I missed the past couple days of the marathon and came back to 1.2 million! Thanks to everyone, especially the donation readers that are surprisingly still alive after reading SO much!
a SM64 race, WAH please
Awesome job guys! I'm looking forward to the next GDQ!
help the borg are everywhere
Upward and onward! Lets race for the stars for Doctors Without Borders! Mario Forever Hype!
Because smrpg is hands down my favorite snes game love watching it thank you for everything 
If you read this, I'll double it :).  Andy K is a noob.
Congratulation on making the goal
That piano that you can't see, it used to scare me as a kid
Gotta get a last minute donation in! SGDQ was great and it always brings a slight tear to my eye when these events are over. Thanks to everyone who donated and to all the streamers, commentators and volunteers who make these events happen. Thank you everyone.
GDQ is such a great community, and everyone that helped make it happen or donated should feel great about themselves. Especially you if you're listening Lange; see you on stream for TotH soon you big softy.
Been watching GDQ events for years now and I've gotta wonder; am I the only one who gets teary eyed at the end of them? BibleThump
Well, have to give a last donation for a great event.
Go player 3 for the race, not sure why but player 3 always win.
Congratulations SGDQ, everyone there and watching is amazing.  SMRPG if the best video game of all time. Thank you for everything and keep changing the world with your amazing runs and kindness!
Keep upp the good work. 
This is a great event. This is a worthy charity. Thanks for all you do.
Had to donate for a great game!
Long-time watcher, first-time attending. Thanks to all of the staff and runners for a fantastic GDQ.
SGDQ and AGDQ are some of the few events I look forward the entire year (better than xmas yo!). 

I hope this donation helps with setting a new WR for donations. 

Keep being awesome!
Sending $20 from Sweden, first time for me following this event and I will definitely tune in next time as well!

Please don't sign off SGDQ BibleThump BibleThump BibleThump
Awesome SGDQ this year; let's reach that goal!
Great event, and even though there is still a little left to go, I can say it was one of the best ones yet.  Watched as much as I could all week, and from the great runners to the excellent production value, there was always something to put a smile on mine, and everyone else's face.   Thanks so much for putting this on, and looking forward to all the new runners inspired from this week.  Speed on!
Hey!! You are awesome and its such a great cause! Thank you from germany
Love #GDQ, thank you from a viewer who loves what you do, AND how often the players invite people to join them in speed running. I love that welcoming attitude and it's one of the reasons I've been watching for a few years now!
CUP!
Great event! Specially loved the SMRPG run. 
I only started watching these marathons a year ago but now I'm hooked and can't stop watching them. Thanks for all the amazing runs.
Greetings from down under,  Super Mario 64 is my favourite game, and i always love to see people perfecting it. GDQ's are always fun to watch and a great way to raise money. Good luck with the run.
One more to make it 150 even. HYYYYYYPE!!!!
TEAM MYSTIC!!!
SGDQ, what is good in life? To crush your previous year's funding goals, see mario64 played before you, and hear the songs of your speed runners.
Last minute donation for you guys being awesome. Party on and keep making a difference.
I have never donated but this is my 3rd time watching the marathon.  Thanks to all the entertainment this week. I had a rough week of work, but knowing I could come home and watch the marathon helped.
For Old Man River
Long time watcher, first time donating -- What a fantastic event, props to every runner this week, my wife Lisa and my girls, Gwen and Roxy, had a blast watching this week, and can't wait for the next GDQ. You guys do so much good for charity, it's amazing.
Great GDK this year.  Always glad to stave off work to watch this every six months.
Woooo! Last minute! 5 bucks for all the games! 5 bucks for everything and all!
Love the amount of dedication and time you guys put in.  Here's to helping an awesome cause!
<3
It's been amazing watching all the cool runs! And such a great evening to conclude on with Mario RPG. Glad to see SM64 70 star race made it. Good luck & thanks to all the runners for a great show!
Just reminding that we are only 5k away from a 8 million total over GDQ events! Come on, we can do this!
Great work! Now, SMRPG low level run hype?
Shave the animals.
Hey guys!

I've been watching the GDQ events for around 3 years now and thought it was about time for me to donate, even if just a little bit.

Greetings from Brazil.
Thank  you all for providing a place for us to donate.  The fact that this goes to a good cause is why I am happy to send money.  You all are what we gamers should aspire to be.

Thank You
Thanks everyone. You're all amazing!
Loved watching these streams but only now am I able to lend a hand to the cause. Well done to everyone!
Just putting in some last minute cash! I haven't gotten to donate yet so I'm fixing that!
Sm64 all day baby. WAHHHHHHH
First time watching SGDQ live. Can say i was not dissapointed. Wish I had donated earlier, but better late than never.
Because you didn't get enough feebies, I decided to give 5 dollars to each feebies in the run. Here you do!
Congrats to Lack Attack for a successful SMRPG run
Great run! Hype to see Super Mario 64 after this and of course hear pie sing Old Man River.
Loved watching the runs this year so decided to donate, this year's SGDQ was great!
Great Speedruns and a great cause! Always a pleasure to tune into the Games Done Quick community and experiencing these great speedruns through a great community!
Thank you for SGDQ for a wonderful marathon to bring my whole family together for an interest in gaming.  Quick shout out to all of them: Raine, Leighton, Savannah, and Torin.  Woot-Woot SGDQ!!  Can't wait for the next one.
This game is the best of Weeeeeeeh. I still remember renting a N64 and taping our gameplay to watch it inthe days after. Here's some money towards the 64 run. GO MEMORIES. (weeeh)
Here's to passing last year's total!
*one up sound*
Just reminding Lack how much damage he's supposed to do with super jumps.  This is for the D!!!
Been watching for a few years, first time donating. Great cause, great event! Thanks to all the runners and everyone who helped make it great!
Donating to bump that final donation count up a bit! This year was my first GDQ I attended in person and I look forward to many more. Good luck Lackattack!
Sick super jumps!!
First time donating to this keep up the great work 
I love you SGDQ
1.22 million HYPE! Amazing job on this run, lack! So much fun to watch with all the new strats since Checkers' run in 2015. WAAAAAAH
Just finished my work week not too long ago and wasn't able to watch the marathon all week like I used to. But coming home to see what the speedrun community can do for others puts a huge smile on my face. Thanks to everyone who contributed in anyway during SGDQ! <3 FrankerZ
Long time watcher, first time donating -- What a fantastic event, props to every runner this week, my wife Lisa and my girls, Gwen and Roxy, had a blast watching this week, and can't wait for the next GDQ. You guys do so much good for charity, it's amazing.
So glad to be up watching the end of SGDQ. Hooray for beating last year, and hooray for more Mario!
[[ IIIII FEEEEEEL....HAPPY? ]]

You cannot comprehend the true form  of this donation.
I should go to bed, but the jumps keep drawing me in.
come on put mallow in.
Hey everyone, great job on surpassing the last goal. Hopefully, we can do the same at AGDQ 2017. I donated at the very beginning of the marathon; while 5.00 is not a lot, I still felt compelled to give just that little bit extra like everyone else.
Let's make next year's SGDQ goal even higher!
I almost forgot to donate. I'll remember to donate more during AGDQ! Great work, guys! 
Just woke up and heard something about singing. I want to hear singing.
HYPE PogChamp
We Did It Y'all ! ! !
$1.2Mil WE MADE IT!! 
So amazing. Really a giant thank you to everyone involved.
Thanks GDQ for an amazing marathon! 

Already donated my limit, but we need to blow that record out of the water! Here's my contribution.

I can't wait for the next GDQ event (especially if Yoshi's Woolly World gets on the schedule!)

Thank you to all the runners, fans, announcers, and crew for an awesome job. You rock!
Only been following on twitter, but wanted the fun to continue for you guys. Here's to the Mario 64 4-way race!
Go mario go!
Great job guys, this is a great cause and great runs 
Just like every GDQ, this one is blowing my mind! A big thanks to all the runners, staff, and folks watching and donating. You're all my heroes!
I wish i could give more for my first time donating but i made a promise to donate this year  and there is no way im not going to participate  in this amazing event! 
Missed most of the runs I was looking forward to, due to work and real-life, but I'm going to watch the YouTube replays!
S/o to everyone who made this fundraiser possible!
We just broke the record so let's set a new one! Don't stop now!
Better late than never <3
You cant finish a GDQ without donating! Keep it ups guys, thanks for this Great Event 
We broke the record!
I've been watching all week and Doctors Without Borders is a great group.
Gotta contribute to this amazing run. Thanks to everyone that has done their part to make this event happen.
The past couple of weeks have proven trying times for many. Yet amidst that a light has shined, a community united to celebrate the skills of many while simultaneously raising money to make a difference in the world. Thank you all who have participated in this event, whether as organizers, runners, or spectators. It's been great.
Keep it up! Almost there
For the record! WAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
Awesome event, great cause, fun times all around. Congratulations to everyone who helped pull this off. And remember, the cake is a lie!
WAAAAAH
c:
Congrats to all the runners on another amazing marathon!

Let's go Twitch, gotta beat that donation PB!
Lets break another record, shall we?
It's  the last of my grocery money. We can do it!
Making my donation a nice even number, and this should tip the scales (if they haven't already!)
This is two more donations then I had planned on making this week but... Gotta get that Mario 64 HYPE!
SM 64 HYPE!
Can't donate anymore than this, but seeing those big donations makes me want to contribute just a little, Lets go chat, 10 dollars each and we will get there easily!!
Waaaa!
KING BIINNY IN THE HOUUUUSSSEE!
LETS A GOO
First time donating and I wanted to donate on my favorite game of all time!. Thanks for the great week of games!  
We got this!
For my favorite game as a child, Super Mario 64!
Doing 100 super jumps with over 100k people watching, you have my respect. Really looking forward to sm64
Let's go Mario 64 <3
Another $25 for a great cause.
Thanks for a week of entertaining fun! I look forward to seeing another games done quick in the near future, but for now - keep on being awesome!
We can do ittt
Can someone ROM hack Waluigi into Super Mario 64? WAAAAHH



btw this $5 is for the SM64 deal jeezo WAAAAH
HYPE
WAAAH HYPE
This is the last bit I can give, SM64 HYPE!!!
MARIO! WAAAAAHHHH 
Love GDQ!
I'm poor so I can only donate so much, but I wanna see that sm64!
SM64 HYPE!!!
I'm helping!
WAAAAH
Lovin the Wario "Waaahs!"
Every little bit helps let's do this!
Had to donate!
Here's my little bit to chip in.
Finally a late night impulsive decision that will actually end up going well
It's not much, but every little bit helps!
I'm unemployed and homeless. Been watching these speedruns for the past week through the free wifi at our local starbucks and, after 10pm, the bar. Thanks for making my summer just a little bit more happy.

SGDQ HYPE!
Doing my part to keep this marathon even just a LITTLE bit longer!
I've watched archives of previous GDQ events, but this is my first year watching live and first donation, this whole week has been mind-blowing, I'm already so excited for the next one. Let's get that last incentive and break that record!
Hello! Great work once again, everyone!
Here's five dollars.

If everyone else watching who can afford $5 donates, we'll hit the goal for sure.
Waaaaaaaah
Such an amazing event from start to finish, and what an triumph with the amount donated this year.
Watched for a year now, this is my first time donating.  Keep raising money for good causes, Games Done Quick you are amazing!
Shout out to hash geek on PonyChat and all our friends at Derpibooru!

Donation goes to runner's choice.
FrankerZ
WE MUST MAKE IT
Love SGDQ for the awesome games, the entertaining speedrunners, and of course the great cause! Let's smash that record! 
I missed the metroid and ff6 prizes nooo
Watching Peach smite robots with lightning from the sky made my night. I have little to give, but please accept this. Waaaaah! Wahahaha!
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
This was all I had left in the pieBux bank account. Old man river hype
love this game had to donate
Great stream. Great cause. Go team!
WE. ARE. SO. CLOSE. No GDQ is complete without the SM64 run. I already know we are gonna make it, so heres to cheering on puncay, you're a beast.
C'mon let's get to that goal!
Thanks for a great week of gaming for a great cause.
Doot doot
Happy to support a great cause.
Such a cool run. Thanks for all the hard work, guys!
Let's make that Mario 64 race happen! I never finished it, so I want to see it just get crushed! $6,000 more, we got this guys!
This is all I could spare. Long live Mario!
Waaaaaaaaaah
Let's get this SM64 run done tonight! Good luck, Lackattack24!
Gotta get that SM64
Thanks to all the runners and staff for putting on an awesome event! Super Mario RPG is one of the first games I've played and has always been my favorite.  Let's see some SM64! 
WAAAAAAAAAH
Can't believe I almost forgot to donate. Let's hear pie's sweet delicious vocal chords.
Take my energy!
Almost there!
Wanted to do my part with another $50. Love this event and everyone involved! P.S. Early AM Trauma Center was AMAZING! WAHHHH
God Bless
Just doing my part to push us above and beyond this year. Let's abolish frames and borders!
For mario 64! HYYYYPE
Fantastic SGDQ this year.  Never fails to amaze me how closely knit and dedicated the community is toward the games that helped define childhoods.  First time donating to charity this year, and I could not think of a better time to donate.  Lets reach that goal!
I love Super Mario RPG and I love these events! I'm in the Army and I really appreciated your professionalism (even though it's mostly just for fun) and dedication to your skills. Furthermore the staff for their work for this cause.  KEEP IT UP MEN! HUA!
One more game please. Also Fizz is a nerd.
I'll double down on this donation if you pronounce my name correctly.
Super Mario 64 HYYYYPPPPEEEEEE!!!
for africa
Hey everyone! Love what you're doing, and I wanted to spread the love a little bit more! Here's to seeing super Mario 64! 
Thank you for all of the fun all week! God bless :)
Puncayshun is the guy that first introduced me to speedrunning. Gotta see him win this SM64 70-star!
Joel get on Skype 
This has been the first games done quick that I've caught as it's happening and outside of messing with my sleep cycle, has been a lot of fun to watch. Thanks to all the folks involved from running to facilitating those runs.

Glad to support a great cause!
SGDQ2016 has been a blast, and if we can extend it a little further that'd be the best!
I've donated every GDQ, even when I couldn't afford it, so now I can, I can't not donate. I didn't get to watch as much as I wanted due to work, but it did provide the money to donate.

 I love everything you guys do and thanks to not only the runners, but the announcers, the sound crew, the audio crew, the techs, everyone else involved in running the GDQs and most importantly, EVERY SINGLE viewer and donator. We couldn't do this without you!
You're all lovely. <3
Donators can set records too.
Let's do it!
neigh
SM64 HYPE!
It's not much but I hope it helps.
Keep on rockin'
Sixty Four!
I had a few more coins in the box. OLD MAN RIVER HYYYYPE
I'm so tired, but it would be a shame to let it end before beating the old total. Good job everyone!
This years event has been awesome! So many great games and great runners, all playing for such a great cause. SM64 HYPE!
Love SMRPG, thanks for everything.
This has been a great SGDQ and you all should be so proud of doing such a great thing. The gaming community can do such amazing things. 
Represent da crew
120 dollars for the 120 stars in Super Mario 64. This has been an awesome GDQ
So many hours of entertainment, I love everything that you do for such a great charity. Keep up the great work!!
Loving this Mario RPG run.  So much nostalgia!
Almost at that Mario 64 number - hyyyyype!
Thought I should donate during this very entertaining SMRPG speedrun. Good luck to the runners and lets reach that goal for Super Mario 64.
Here's to SM64
We need more mario
Gotta beat last years total!
Hi, take 10 money because of speedrunning-awesomeness!
sm64!
Great job this year guys!  This 20 dollars goes to Puncayshun's Wet Wipes fund!  Go Cheese!
Watched for several years, love what you guys are doing.  Keep it up
This is my second year watching SGDQ, I've enjoyed watching the runs all week.
I'm doing my part so more Mario.
FrankerZ
GDQ is such a great event, how can anyone watch and not donate. I've see so many games from my childhood completely and utterly destroyed and hoping to see one more. Lets get that additional mario 64 run!
I love you all. <3

(PS: WWWAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH…)
Get down and get funky.

Good old  RPGs

Can I donate again if the couch does the wave?
Last chance, time to beat $215K. 

Only regret I can't afford more!
PogChamp
Let's go SGDQ 2016! Show that SGDQ 2015 who is boss!
Thank you to all of the runners, and everyone behind the scenes for providing quality entertainment this past week. I don't have much money but I wanted to do my part! Super Mario 64 needs to happen! Love you all!
I think as incentive, Lackattack should agree to drink a died Pepsi on stream if SGDQ 2015 is beaten. Pepsimannnnnn!!!!
CHAT TAKE MY ENERGY!!!! And by take my energy I mean... MATCH MY DONATION!!!!  We can do this with the power of FRIENDSHIP MingLee
This has been an amazing week, and SMRPG is the perfect way to cap it off. Thanks to all the runners for their great performances!
An amazing SGDQ this year. Congrats to all the runners and to everyone behind the scenes. This SGDQ also helped me cope with the death of my 12 year old cat, Midnight. May he rest in piece.
Little late for the mine cart, but great run today, on my favorite Mario game all time.
Thanks for making the a better place. 
Those jumps tho. 
Mario is a god.
yay charity!
Let's go everyone! I'm giving more than what I probably should, but it's all for an amazing cause. Let's  get one more run to end it with a bang! 
Just recently discovered SGDQ and am pumped to see my first live event!  Would've donated more, but I didn't win MegaMillions last night.  Next time!
Thanks for all the hype SGDQ!  Very glad to donate to this cause!
This is all I can afford, fight me irl
#PUSH WARREN
Forgot to donate earlier in the week, so now seems about a good time. Let's set a new PB
This is all I got to give. Thanks for the hours of entertainment and for a great cause no less. Kill the smithy and Save the frames.
3rd donation of the run. I wanted to give my last nod to the little lady who inspired so many. Thank you to everyone for an amazing GDQ! Waahhhhhh!
Come on everyone! We're almost there!! 

My wife and I have been watching you all week and we hope we can see more!

Thanks for the awesome event and keep it up.
I love watching these GDQ events. I saw some great runs of some really cool games this week. Thanks to everyone for making it happen! 

Put this toward more Mario, please!
Lets gooooooooo!
Shout outs to the amazing Foghorn Leghorn impression, Lange.
Doing my part. Love the speed runs.
Shoutout to all the Alaskan viewers!

Can I get a WAH?
Super Mario 64 made my childhood 100% better. Lets go!
i love you guys for doing this event! lets do this! kill the animals!!!!!!
Let's just get there!
Gotta get that last run!
go go go!
#SGDQ Is probably the best gaming event of the year!
Thanks to all the runners, this is such an amazing cause!
Come on guys, if everyone watching donated just a couple of dollars we would hit the target easily so let's get that extra run!
One more donation to pass the goal!
Gotta put in for that sm64 race. We can make it guys! Waaaa!
70 star hype
ESS EMM SIX FOUR
High Five
My first time donating! We can finish strong!
letsa gooooo!!!!
Oh my god do I try
For the Mario 64 run
Thanks for the great runs :)
$$$$$$$$$$$$
SMRPG is the best game ever conceived by man, thanks for showing us how it's done in the name of such an amazing cause!
Papa needs an xbone!
Thanks to all the runners for the fantastic runs! GDQ is always a highlight of my year, and this year's SGDQ has been especially stellar!
Here's to more SGDQ!
I'm doing my part! Come on guys lets hit that goal! Thanks for the great event SGDQ
This used to be a Pepsiman stream :/
Many thanks to everyone for another lovely event. See you at AGDQ 2017!
Much love from Canada.
Awesome event guys, keep up the good work! :)
This is my first donation ever in the 3 years I have been watch SGDQ. Please put it to good use as I would hate to miss such a big game.
Getting that last chance for donations in. Thanks for a great SGDQ this year! 
Thanks for the brilliant week, Pity Aus$ money doesn't go further.  We can do it!
To heck with it here's five more! What an amazing event as always. Thanks everyone for such a great week :)
Have watched the last 5 GDQ events, I have always loved Super Mario RPG was the first RPG that I ever played so I figured It would be a good time to donate. Was a blast to watch AGDQ again this year, can't wait for the next event.
Donating for a great cause. 
Guys, give Goku your energy, raise your dongers... do anything! We gotta hit this goal!

Wait! Do the thing that matters: Donate!
JUST DO IT!
I brought the Shake now you all bring the bake
OLD MAN RIVER HYPE
Lack, I'm having a lot of fun watching this run, but I gotta ask you, when are we gonna see a run of Big Nose the Caveman at a GDQ? :)
Never had a SNES to play SMRPG as a kid, but a pleasure to watch all the same!  Old Man River + SM64 HYPE~!
It's 12:00. It's High Noon.

A line you probably haven't heard in a long time.
Hey guy! Thank you for doing this wonderful event. I haven't been able to follow all of it this week. Glad everything is being uploaded to youtube so I can watch these on my own time :) I was waiting until Mario RPG to donate for those awesome Geno and Mallow plushies! Keep up the good work.
This is one of the hypest events I've  ever had the pleasure of watching, and I don't want this to end! Let keep this donation train rolling everyone!
I don't have as much as this Anonymous guy; he just keeps giving these huge amounts. But here's what I can give for now. Been watching for years now. Hope to make it out in the future and give more when I can!
Make America Great Again!
GOGOGO
The longer this run is, the more time there is to reach the goal. It is time for Summer Games Done... Eventually. Tell Lack to take his time.
I loved SMRPG so much. Although I would have to say that The Thousand year door is a the best Mario RPG. Chill out, relax. AND SM64 RACE HYPE!
Missed most of it throughout the week but had to come for the end!
Here is my contribution to extending SGDQ.  Thank you to everyone who puts this on.  It is awesome to see such a great community come together for a great cause.
I gotta say, such an insanely good event. From the hilarity of the Jak and Daxter run and the Sonic 06 - to the technical skill and knowledge of the Deus X run and the Reze's Low percent. I just had to be apart of the final push! Mario 64 HYPE
Looking forward to that Mario 64 race. We're almost there!
It turns out that creatures need memories so that they can perform wrong warps.
This has been an amazing week and it's time to cap it off with even more Mario!  Thank you, everyone!
Every little bit helps us get to the Mario 64 race. Shoutouts to Alice!
Congrats to everyone who made this week a success. 
Awesome week, awesome people, awesome games, awesome cause. To sum up GDQ in one word: HYPE.
Love SMRPG & have loved yet another GDQ. Here's one more donation in honor of everyone involved in the event, and for the great cause it represents.

Thanks everyone, and see yall next GDQ!
More mario please! 
Let's do this guys!
80$ for next year's save the animals!
Awesome event, awesome cause, thanks to the runners, announcers, and everyone who makes these events happen. 
I know it's not much, but i hope this helps. Thanks for the unforgettable week, and heres hoping for the great end to the run.
If even 1% of people watching now were to donate at least $5, we would blow this total goal out of the water
Races are the best
Sorry I can't give more, I'm a poor uni student.  BibleThump
is that the beautiful runescape player? The one in blue in the middle?
I took this week off from work and have had this stream on the entire time. I've enjoyed every minute of it but don't want it to end after this SMRPG run - bring on SM64! HYPE!
Lets get there!
Mario RPG? How could I not.
I admit it, I was one of those people that watched hours and hours of great runs without donating. I'm making amends and putting some money towards an amazing cause. 

Everything is fine!
Having a great week, haven't donated yet though so fixing that now. Here's to seeing that SM64 race!
I just got home from my very first GDQ. It was an honor and a privilege to attend and run in an event filled with so many wonderful people.

As much as I think the perfect end to the marathon is the one true Final Fantasy, Mario RPG, we can't let it end just yet. Let's get that race underway!
It's been a great SGDQ but why stop now? 
This is the part where everyone chips in, right? Well, I guess I'm part of everyone.
Gotta donate for both my favorite Mario game being destroyed as well as getting Super Mario 64 to be ran. Let's go Puncayshun. Yum!
If everyone donated a dollar for every bounce lack does this run then that would raise.. Umm.. A lot of money and I don't feel like doing math so SUPER MARIO 64 HYPE
I'm donating to keep the Speedrunning going as long as possible. A week of SGDQ is not enough. that Mario 64 run is so close I can taste it. 
Let's go 7 star! we can do this!
My girlfriend and I bonded over this game when we first started dating, and tonight I've finally got her to sit down and watch her first speed run events. 

We wanted to send in what we could to support a great cause and to say thanks for giving us something to bond over again. 
PPMD Kreygasm
Come on chat lets get this done
Why can't I find the Zelda Randomizer donation incentive?

I mean... Good luck Lackattack!  
It's 2am, time to beat a record!
Dooo. Eeeettttt. 
SMK64 LETS GOOOO
Holla from Japan!! My boyfriend made me watch SGDQ but I have thoroughly enjoyed every minute!! Thanks for the great plays all!
Thanks to all the runners and crew for another week of scintillating content in service of charity. You're an inspiration for gamers everywhere!
thanks to all the runners, commentators, support staff and viewers for an excellent SGDQ! so much #Hype
Not ready for it to all be over, one more game!
Thank you to everyone involved in the GDQ events. Great speedruns for a great cause. P.S. COME ON CHAT, DONATE! WE CAN DO IT! 4Head
it's around 8am here in Denmark, and I must cure my hangover with  a Super Mario 64 race
Thought I was done donating, but they threw in that SM64 curveball. It must happen. Come on guys, you can throw in another dollar or two! You don't want it to end, do you?
OH WOW DO YOU SEE THE TIME ON THE CLOCK

THAT MEANS IT'S TIME TO DONATE
GOGOGO
Games done quick has entertained for years and here's to it going for many more to come. Have to give a shout out to the Guildhall Podcast for getting me into it.
Hello announcer!
Haven't seen that much GDQ, but it's always a fun time when I do,  so here's my first donation to meet the goal.
Great event I've seen so far! Even though I haven't been able to watch every run due to work, It has been a blast for every moment I've watched. Keep up the good work!
for more mario
This is only five dollars, but it is worth 70 stars if we can all pitch in a five dollar donation each. Let's do this!
Wait, you're telling me that Mallow isn't a frog..? Next thing you'll be telling me is that Green Mario is named something ridiculous like "Luigi." 

You guys are doing great! Let's get that Super Mario 64 donation goal met and shatter the old SGDQ record!!
My part to that Mario 64 run. Come oooon, Old Man River!
This is my first ever GDQ and it's absolutely amazing.  Thanks to everyone for putting on a fantastic show!
Looks like you still need some help setting a new record. Take this.
Sorry I can't add in more! But here's ten dollars for the SM64 cause! Shout out to the runners, you're doing great! Good luck, guys. Let's hit that goal and see more more more Mario!
More SGDQ!
I challange every single soul watching to donate at least 5$ !   I'll kickstart 100$ to get the ball rolling!
Here's to a great cause, and a great gaming exhibition! Let's make this well worth the time of everyone watching, everywhere in the world!

It took me over a decade to finally get back to Super Mario 64 and get all 120 Stars after I first played. Watching a race to 70 would be more than worth the nostalgia.
I'm so glad I'm in a position to be able to give even a bit back to SGDQ for all the hours of entertainment and good it's brought me and thousands of others. Thanks for the amazing event!
WE WANT SUPER MARIO 64!
And more than anything else, we want more money for MSF!
Here we all work 'long the Mississippi
Im just donating so i can watch an SM64 race. (also to help out a good cause and for the hype)
Long live Doctors Without Borders and their patients! GDQ events are fantastic charity events, and everyone involved should be proud of themselves. Big round of applause and Klappas in Twitch chat for Doctors without Borders, GDQ organizers, and runners! We got this!
I'll match your minimum by 130%
thanks for the great week! :)
this SGDQ was A-Mei-Zing! so many entertaining runs and runners and so much generosity for a great cause. Everybody part of this deserves some high 5s! Penguins shoutout!
Old man river hype!
Donating $10 because someone in chat said they wanted to but could not afford it.
Guys, you aren't seriously going to let those people who ran SGDQ 2015 beat us here, are you? Let's GO!
I'm very proud of all of the runners and every GDQ event makes me happy that so many people are willing to take time out of their lives to help raise money for a worthy cause.

Also, I need 70 star race please.
now seems like the time to get one last minute donation in. SM65 HYYPPEE
clabe
I would be remiss to be watching this all week and *not* donate. Good luck reaching a new top donation total!
Cheers from Japan.
I can afford to eat sandwiches for a couple more days to finally get a donation in to GDQ. You sure know how to tug at a poor college student's heart with Super Mario RPG.
Can't give much, but I will do what I can.
Here's to Mario, my entry into gaming and I have to keep coming back for more. Let's keep these donations coming!
Thanks for taking me back to my grade school days!  I enjoy the commentary.  Keep up the awesome work!
Go!
Been watching all week, and usually have this on the background every year.  Here's to beating 2015!
Letsa go!!!

Mario needs his get some stars as a finisher to a great SGDQ 2016.
Does he really has a fever doe? FeelsBadMan
Let's beat that PB!!!
Doctors without Burgers just sounds wrong.
I pray to the old gods, please 14 year olds in twitch chat try to donate 1 dollar each!
mario rpg is awesome, i am very nostalgic about it, take this l33t money towards your goal.
bring back peaches
Been watching for years now, and was finally driven to donate. It's a great cause, so do it now!
Let's get there.
Five dollars for that hype 9999 Geno Whirl!
First time donating to SGDQ. Shoutout to my favorite game of all time! Thank you for doing what you're doing! #lessthanthree <3
Thanks to all the runners, tech people, and everyone who made this happen! Let's make 1.2!
Praise be, praise be
For SM64
Been watching all week, figure I should finally donate before SGDQ 2016 ends. It's not much, but every little bit helps! Thanks everyone!
This is my third time watching GDQ. You guys are doing wonderful work while giving me some of the greatest entertainment on the internet. I mean, where else will you get Pepsi Man! Let's get this final goal done and help those Doctors across those borders.
TY For the awesome week!
leggoooo
Here's ten bucks for the SM 64 run. Let's get some more Mario up in here!
I thought this was suppost to be a speed run, not a walkin.... lets do this sm64 run baby !!
Doing my part!
For Mario! 
More Mario!
Ok, I seem to be asked to donate ... and damn I have no self control ;)
Great marathon; as always ;) finally ending :(
I've been watching GDQ since about 2013 but, now that I'm out of grad school and no longer disgustingly poor, I can finally donate!  I wanted to donate sooner but I kept passing out on the couch when the games I wanted to donate during were on... sorry about that. This is an amazing thing that you all pull  and I hope to continue watching for years to come. 
Loved SMRPG when I was growing up, still get excited when I pick it up now. Felt the need to donate to support a great cause, and because the Geno and Mallow plushies are so cute! Good luck on the rest of the run, kick Smithy's butt!
This run sponsored by Blockbuster Video. Best of luck to lack attack and mention GDQ at your local blockbuster tomorrow for a free video rental if lack PBs!
Loving this Super Mario RPG run! Thanks SGDQ for what you all do and thanks being a way for my brother and I to connect many many miles away! Also Pie how much do we need to give to have the announcer sing with ya? Money for 70 star race.
WAAAAAAAAhNE more game!!
WAAAAAAAhNE more game!!!

A big thank you to all for another great year!
Doing my part for more Mario
LETS GET THAT MARIO RUN GOING 
EVERYONE DONATE 5 DOLLARS!!!!!!!!
$50 for that amazing Christopher Walken impression. We must cure that fever! With more Mario!
Thanks for the awesome week! I enjoy watching all the speed runs and I'm always sad to see the end. So here is for one more run!
More Mario!!
Let's get it!
This was my first GDQ that I attended, and it was an absolute blast.  Thanks to all the runners for sharing their knowledge and skills about all the games, and a huge thanks to the staff who made sure everything ran smoothly.
Mario run please
1.2 mil HYPE
Mario 64? More like Waluigi 64!
WE GOT THIS! ONE MORE GAME! ONE MORE GAME! ALSO <3 IATEYOURPIE OLD MAN RIVER HYPE!
I made some money at a convention today working at the artist alley and wanted to give some of my proceeds to you guys. Sorry it's not more, but it's what I made after paying off my table and other costs. I can think of no better place to spend the proceeds - especially since the Sonic block inspired one of my offerings. Let's see some Mario 64!
Thank you for playing one of my favorite games from my childhood, one of the first games that I ever played seriously. And thank you for accepting donations for a fantastic foundation.
Please read:

MARIO MARIO MARIO MARIO MARIO MARIO
But what are frogs?
Hi, just five but like Inafune said, better than nothing :)
OH BOY!
Lets get the donation train started come on guys!
SM64 is the game of my childhood - let's get those donations in!
Took me over one hour to manage this payment, but hopefully it works now. WAAAAAH
I love speedruns and I want to see more.  Just take my money already!
realy loving the event, let's go for SM64!!
NEED THAT SM64 RACE 4 REAL SON LIKE IM SO SERIOUS RIGHT NOW
Let's keep this thing going with the second ;);););) best mario game!!!!!! Last game HYPE!!!
:]
$5 hype!
We can beat the donation goal guys!  Let's get the sm64 race and Old man river song!
Never even knew there was a mario rpg besides paper mario.  this is awesome
Let's get it done!  This has been a great event, I've enjoyed participating when I could this week.
My second donation. 
Don't save the animals, they give us bacon!
Woo Let's go SM64 Hype
Thank you for providing great content, never seen Super Mario RPG speed ran, and would like to see a live SM64 run. DONATION HYYYYPPPPPEE
Stick for a body,
head full of straw, give me
a scarecrow, rah, rah, RAH!
It's been a great week, thank you everyone.
Let's break that record and get that race!
I am an Aussie who has been watching all week and waiting for the SM64 run to see my man Biinny take on the 70 star challenge! I am donating $48.43 which is Biinny's PB time! Go Biinny! Cheeky Brew!
Gotta do my part to get that encore!
Twitch chat said "donate 5 bucks" so here they are. Now everyone else chip the *blip* in dammit! 
Every little bit helps, so here's my little bit!
Love this community so much, such an amazing job by everyone! Is that Skybilz I hear announcing? She's my favorite runner! Hopefully we can see a Zelda Randomizer race next AGDQ!
First time donating after matching many of these events, always a blast every time i watch this. Lets keep on trucking! PogChamp
SM 64 HYPE!!!!
Chant it crowd. One more game. One more game. One more game.
I really want that Super Mario 64 run, and all those other awesome prizes. Thanks to everyone for a great event! 
Looks like chat is giving up, nah i don't think we can let that happen over the SM64 race can we??
For Liz
Saw the counter at 1,182,990 - couldn't help but put in enough to round out that number :)
Great marathon this year guys! Heres to the bonus 70 star. HYPE!
This has been an amazing SGDQ. Thanks to all the runners for the awesome runs. I wasn't able to catch everything live, but I'll watch the recordings of the things I missed. Here's my contribution to beat last year's donation total!
nerdMFW
WE NEED SM64
Second Donation this SGDQ C'MON GUYS LETS BEAT LAST YEAR!
let's get SM64
Let's make this Super Mario 64 run happen! Thanks for a great SGDQ and to everyone supporting a great cause!
This GDQ has inspired me to finally get into speedrunning. Thank you for all the amazing entertainment this past week! RIP the animals :(
First Time watching, first time donating. Keep up the good work, much respect. Come on twitch chat, we can do this! SM64 Hype!
but before we reach our goal, we have to talk about parallel universes
I don't have much, but donating $5 for the second time. Come on everyone, we can do this! 
TAKE MY STRENGTH
ONE MORE GAME. ONE MORE GAME.
Every year we'm amazed by GDQ, from the runners crushing so many games, the entire community (WORLD!) raising so much money, and all the folks working behind the scene for such a great cause. Here's my last donation for tonight and this year. Let's finish strong and get all 70 stars!!! 
Mario Yippee 
MUST HAVE SUPER MARIO 64 RACE!!!!!!!!!!
Shoutout to Pie on the couch and heres to a run with good Super Mario RNG!
Our progress has been remarkable, but the fight is not over.  There's still one more goal for us to reach, and I know that we can do it.

Now is the time to act. If everyone in chat donated just $5 right now, we'd be well over our goal.  Whether you have good taste or demon tendencies, love or hatred of animals, we can put aside these differences to unite to help SAVE the world.  

This is Uncle Samus, and I want YOU to donate $5.
Thank you all for an awesome week. Got to watch GDQ with my 11 month old son, and he loved watching the different games.  Great memories made and I can't wait for AGDQ in January. 
Doctors without borders, so this donation is too.
Let's keep donating i know we can get the race to happen!
!
We can totally make it! Thanks for running my one of my favorite games of all time, let's make it to the SM64 run!
With the way things are going right now in Dallas and unfortunate situations that escalated, this is a good way to put some good into the world and at the same time watching some sick games being broken. Never donated before but I plan on doing so from now on. Keep up the good work, homies. Much love. 
I <3 you Boo
Without a doubt, Super Mario RPG is the most fun you can have on the SNES. I remember every single detail of this run, and I haven't  played it through in at least 10 years. Shoutout to the 502 Krew, Lack, and the couch for their incredible commentary.
Don't ask for much, but can Calebhart42 lift Pie for gains and help MSF?
COME ON!
EVERYONE, LEND THE DOCTORS YOUR POWER

DONOR BOMB
Would love to see last year's GDQ donation total get broken, and i'm not planning on sleeping any time soon, would love to see a smb64 run.  WAH!
As a pro game developer, I love the reactions in the studio office when we watch one of our games get destroyed by these amazing runners. Shoutouts to the tech crews, announcers, and behind the scenes people keeping this awesome show going.
It's only a little, but I want to do my part to make SM64 happen.  Lets do this!
I rarely get the chance to see the event out like this, and I'm psyched that it's ending with an amazing game. Much love.
We could hit the donation goal right away if about 6000 of us out of the 100 thousand plus watching donated 5 dollars. Let's do it boys! Speaking as a poor student, even our little donations can make a difference, both here and for people around the world.
pieSnug
for the mario race
Chat pressure israel
Gotta get dat Mario 64 run! Shoutout to the hostess with the mostess Skybilz!
Loving the event, keep up the great work!
for sigurdson
SGDQ, let's break our PB!! 1,215,601 HYPE!!
I've watched GDQ couple times and always proud to see what gamers can do in terms of playing and donating to good causes. Here is my contribution.
One more game! We can do it guys!
Let's keep these donations rolling in.
Kappa 123
can i get some Kappa spam for old times sake. thanks
This SGDQ has been awesome and an SM64 run would be the cherry on top! Hoping this little bit helps. WAH!
Every bit counts! 
<3
5 bucks for some first frame wall kicks
<3 <3 <3
Happy to donate to my favorite seasonal entertainment. Thank you all for your effort, enthusiasm and camaraderie.
We can do it!
Super Mario Sixty-Four!!!
Another $20 because I MUST have Mario 64 BabyRage
C'mon Twitch chat. I really don't have more money. GOGOGOGOGOGO for that SM64 run!!
Sad I missed Super Metroid, so here's my $50 to SM64 race. Another Favorite from my childhood
For SM64 race
I'm sitting here watching all these $500 and $1000 donations coming in and thinking that there's no point in giving just $5. But then I saw that there are over 100,000 people watching on Twitch. If only a tenth of you give $5 then we'll blow past our goal. Please, if you can, DONATE DONATE DONATE!  I want to see Super Mario 64!
Thanks for letting me relive my fav game of all time!
Hodor hodor hodor!
Lets break that record
Wat up fam
Rock on.
The marathon started with Super Mario Sunshine, let's end it with SM64! 
(Kilby voice) HiiiiiiiiIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiii
Alright, I thought I was done donating, but iateyourpie singing "Old Man River"?!?! This needs to happen!!!
Alright, alright, one more!
Donating for a great event put on by a great community to support an even greater cause. Congratulations to all the runners!
Thanks for the amazing event! And for the amazing run! I wonder what would happen if everyone watching put in $5... i'm sure it would make the tracker go "WAAAAAAAAAH"
To answer Mallow's question, we are Bruce Lee and we'll smash that 64 k. Geno whirl hype.
I usually give 50$ per GDQ, upping by 5 for the sub 2 minutes mini game. Awesome week!
Lets keep this event going and crush the previous record!

The sky is the limit!
Saw the golden kappa, had to donate.
Mario serving out the two piece and a biscuit! Really enjoying the event.
First time donating to this awesome event and for such a wonderful cause. Keep up the great work and lets see that SM 64 Run!
Here's $50 just because you're running Super Mario RPG.  Easily the best Mario game ever!  SGDQ2016 HYPE!
Always try to get a donation in at least once every year. Days of constant entertainment and great fun for a solid cause. Well done everyone involved and look forward to attending one of these events. Cheers!
Mario 64 race HYPE!!
Many drops make an ocean so let it raiiiiin
kill the animals
OLE MAN RIVER!!!!!
For helping those less fortunate. 
Another great year, guys. Thanks for a week of entertainment, I look forward to it!
SM64!!!
I have a fever, and the only prescription is more Mario
HYPE!
Kappa Kappa Keepo OpieOP
Hi GDQ!
Another year, another amazing event, another donation. 
May we continue to gather together and celebrate skill, dedication to great games, as well as saving lives. 
I will double my donation if Caleb reks the couch and/or flexes. 
Donation goes to Lack's choice! Keep up the amazing work. 

Cheers,
Ben
Figured I'd get in right at the end, for my favourite game of all time. Thanks to everyone for another fantastic week+ of amazing runs! 
Gotta get that SM64 race!
I hear there's an old man called the Mississippi, can you tell me more Pie?
Donating $50 plus $20 for each time I accidentally fell asleep this week.  Gotta try to beat last year, OLD MAN RIVER HYPE!!!  I started watching speedruns because of Pie's singing <3
SGDQ is a fantastic event for a fantastic cause.  Now let's hit that SM64 goal!
Match me if you can!
I already donated a few times, but five dollars is a pittance for chat to pay for the SM64 race.

C'mon, you miserly bums! It's five bucks! You can find that in your couch cushions!

$5 each or r9k mode!
Thanks to all of the runners for an awesome week of entertaining runs!
last effort to get another game run
We're so close, we can be heroes today! Not the heroes the world deserves, but the heroes the world needs! Put your wallets up, chat, and give your energy to MSF!
You had me at Old Man River.
a+++, let's do it for doctors without cancer
Love GDQ, always fun to watch after work :).
Get hype for a NEW RECORD
Long time watcher & first time donator. Thanks for the memories, thanks to the team, the crowd, and all the runners at SGDQ 2016. Have a dollar for each star in the SM64 race, let's bust that incentive wide open!
SM64 SM64 SM64 SM64 SM64
I hadn't donated yet, but getting that 70 star run is too good to pass up. Extra 20 for getting sheep attack.
Not much but doing my part. Come on SMB 64! Hype!
I just started watching speed runs and have been loving them. I just found out they were held for a charity called doctors without borders. I did research on them  and they seem like a great charity, with a great cause. Thanks for a great event!
For SM64 and Great Justice
Let's beat SGDQ 2015!!!
Here we GOOOOOOO!
First time donating for SGDQ. What an amazing year and an amazing SMRPG run. Can chat break chat with Kappa? Kappa
100,000 people to reach 45k? That's only 50 cents a person! Let's do it!
It's not much but let's get the ball rolling! AGDQ 2016 this is for you!
For the sm64 race and hearing those sweet pie pipes!!!
#freebetsey
Almost forgot to donate, but thankfully i got it in at the last minute. Love watching you guys every time there is a marathon. Keep doing what you're doing!
fat
PLEASE, MORE GAMES, Also SHINE GET
Doing my part to break a record.
Hey All, Yetee Glen here. I don't have any more shirt money, but I'm happy to throw my own to see that BLESSED SM64 Race. Please guys. We can do this, you gotta believe!
Super Mario RPG is one of the few RPGs I've ever played, and now you guys are making me super nostalgic for my childhood.
Oh my god! They Killed Geno!
I remember when this event was like 15 dudes in a basement and they raised like 9 grand. Even back then you could feel the magic of the event. I as with many others anticipate every GDQ. They're very special and words do little to describe the gravity around them. Gdq is my Super Bowl. Mario Rpg is my favorite game, thank you all for everything. MARIO 64 HYPE!
This is the last of my donation funds! Here's to an awesome SMRPG run and to the SM64 race! 
SGDQ has been amazing this year, and this SMRPG has been insane! Congrats to all the runners, and big thanks to the staff and volunteers at SGDQ. You all do something so nobel by showing your love for going fast in games. 

This is for SM64 race, and to beat SGDQ2015! :D
I donated 5 dollars for the mine cart time, but I got a freebie! So I'm donating five bucks again. SM64 HYPE!
OLD MAN RIVER
Just doing my part in this, despite how small it may be. Here's to everyone at the event and for such a fun and interesting week. And here's to that bonus incentive.
if 100,000 viewers donate 12.50 each, we can double all the money we raised!
Someone mentioned something about pie and someone eating mine so here's a cool twenty to make sure this guy has a good night...
64 4 64
To all working behinde and in front of the screens. Thank you! Just thank you! Been the best week  like every gdq week. Never stop doing what you do! Love from Norway!
here's hoping we can reach that final SM64 incentive
@Iateyourpie Deal
I have to give something for having spent more than 100 hours before my computer watching the stream. I can't afford much, but it is my thank you for that week that I waited 6 months for.
Old Man River!!! 
It's not much, but here's hoping we get that bonus Mario 64 race!
This is probably my favorite RPG of all time, and one of my favorite Mario games. Thanks to all the runners this week and the crew!
Hot diggity, let's break that record and get some delicious pie going!
It's the final push! Can't wait for Super Waluigi 64! WAH!
 IF 1/15th OF TWITCH CHAT DONATES $5 right now, We'll reach the GOAL!!!  
Old Man River
Great cause, great people running, and SMRPG is the best game EVER!  Thank you all for a great weekend, let's get that speed run!
I have been watching GDQ since 2014 when i stumbled upon it on twitch, i was blown away and have watched every event since. It is about time that i donated as i am finally done university and actually have some money to put towards the cause. Thank you all for putting on such an amazing show.
Those jumps are incredible. Thanks for destroying my favorite SNES game. Thanks to all the amazing people  who put this wonderful event on each year.
I'm a vegan so don't tell anybody I said... I'm glad the animals died. M64 race hype!
i didn't want to sleep anyways. Here's to ONE MORE GAME!! Thanks all runners for amazing content for the week and everyone else in the background. 
Happy to donate during the most memorable game of my childhood. Keep it up everyone; let's reach the goal tonight!
Let's get the race!
Why does a golfer wear 2 pairs of pants?

In case he gets a HOLE IN ONE!
Axem fight destroyed me as a kid, good to see a but of payback! Thanks Lack! 
Come on guys, if even 10% of chat donated $5, we could BLOW past the final donation incentive!
I absolutely loved Super Mario RPG as a kid, and I was so excited to grab it on my WiiU last week. Here is $5 so that not only do we get more games, but we get more viewers, therefore more donations towards a spectacular cause. Can we get some HYPE in the Showroom?!?!
If everyone in chat donates 5 dollars, we'll make it ezpz
This week has been incredible and the cause is amazing! Way to go!
No way we're not getting that race ! Everybody ask for your mom's credit card and donate. Waluigi counts on you.
I remember back in the late 1900s when I first played Super Mario 64 myself.  It was a special time back then.  You could go outside at night and leave your doors unlocked.  But you didn't.  Because you were playing Super Mario 64.  SM64 HYPE!
Been watching SGDQ with my 1 year old daughter who always stops to applaud the speedrunners along with the crowd. Thanks for doing this and being wizards!
Hey, This stream's better good!
Here's to seeing the 70 star race, also shoutouts to Caleb who sat next to me in 9th grade math class!!!
Quick! Everyone donate $5!
Keep it up ; great run so far! I've learned so much so far.
Let's a go.
Break the record!
Mallow became a tadpole as a result of GENO-tic experimentation!
Here's to the end of a great SGDQ
I'm doing my part !
Sorry guys, I thought Super Mario Maker was the best Mario game this marathon... but I'm still open to be convinced...
save the encore!  
Husband and I have been watching all week.  Thank you for the solid entertainment.
We can do this! Waaaaaa!
WHERE IS MY SUPER SUIT?
Super jump time? Hold on to your butts.

Thanks for all the amazing runs, here's to Super Mario 64!
HYPE!!!
butts
love SMRPG, wish i could pull off the super jump... maybe someday! 15 for doctors without borders that helped out when cholera was brought to haiti and other emergencies around world
SMRPG was an incredibly formative game for me, and I'm thrilled to see it close out the marathon.  Take it home!
The Crab Master demands an SM64 race! Donate away my loyal crab minions!
I've enjoyed having SGDQ on my TV all week long.  I'm gonna miss it once it's over!  Hopefully I can hold it until January.
Excited to see one of my favorite games being played. Keep up the good work!
Thanks for this amazingly unique fund raiser.  It is great to see the gaming community come together and give so much for an important cause!
moar
Come on chat, only 5$ each!
I recently became a father, but I've yet to meet my son because of borders, so here's to keeping these doctors borderless!
WAAAAAAAAAH-N MORE GAME
We must beat SGDQ2015.
awwww yeah baby oh hell yeah
Let's do this! M64 hype!
SM 64 HYPE
SIGLEMIIIIIIC
Come on guys lets do this. Super Mario 64 hype
Gotta get that SM64, My all time favorite game to watch being speedrun. HYYYYYYYYPEEEEE!
come on guys i dont want this amazing stream to end. If everyone donates $5.00 we will make it.
This is a great event for a great cause! Keep up the good work!
hi
greetings from germany
thx for this nice event :)
!czar
Hey Iateyourpie,

Sooooo, Risk 2 speed run next year am I right?
been watching off and on all week but couldn't EVER miss SMRPG - my childhood. finally getting a chance to donate, right at the very end...let's get that SM64 race!
2nd time watching first time donating.  Here's to extending SGDQ for ONE MORE GAME!
Doubt I'll be awake for it, but here's $64 to put towards SM64!
Thank you all for another great week. Love watching Lack crush this SMRPG run! GO GENO!!
SM64 let's go!
First GDQ I've watched live and I'm not ready to see it done yet. Let's see that SM64 race!
I'm helping
What a great week of watching all these great runners speed run great games for a great cause. Good luck lackattack for the rest of your run. 
I meant to donate 200 lol
Can't let SGDQ end without that star race!  I've seen way too many games I want to start running this year.  Thanks for the awesome event for a good cause.
Let's go!
I've been so busy all week that I've missed watching live all the runs I was looking forward to. Well at least I managed to be there for the best run of the year: Bonesaw's totally completely clean jak & daxter run. Thanks to all the runners this week! AGDQ can't come soon enough.
Let's make this Mario 64 race a reality. ONE MORE GAME.
With over 100,000 people watching if we all donate the minimum 5$ We'll meet the incentive and smash previous GDQ records!  Come on guys, lets do this!  Mario 64 HYPE!
Thank you SGDQ  for making such a great event, and thank you chat for making it the best event
I don't want to go to bed tonight 
SM64
LETS GO SUPER MARIO 64 COMMON BOYS!!!!!!
SM64 Hype!
If even 10% of the people viewing donate the minimum $5 we would have that Mario race met.  Let's get it done guys!
I can throw another 10 towards the goal of passing last time.  This is an awesome game, and an awesome cause.
Yay speedrunning
As a great harrier of space once said in the arcade, our collective response to meeting this Mario run will be "Ahhhhhh."
If everyone watching on twitch donated 50 cents we'd get SM64 in the bag
Shoutout to the Vinesauce community! This whole week has been a blast, let's keep it going just a bit longer with Super Mario 64!
We've killed the animals in Super Metroid, now let's kill our sleep schedules. Super Mario 64 race HYPE!!!
When are you guys gonna speedrun Overwatch or Pokemon GO?
Put towards SM64!
Just doing my part! 5 bucks each
Thanks for a great event for a great charity! This is the first GDQ I was able to catch live, and I loved the runs I was able to watch. 
Super Mario RPG was the first game that I read the Nintendo Power guide for. Good luck going forward Lack, and here's hoping the RNG gods are kind
This is for the SM64 race. Go Cheese05!
I want this to go towards killing the tank head and saving the frames... pls no safe head. And pls one more mario game with no charades and more itsa me!

Glhf on the rest of the run lack.
Hi
Been watching since 2012! I love it every year! Thanks for all that you do!  Shout outs to the awesome person watching this with me. Hey Erika!
Love me some GDQ's. Let's see that SM64 race. Shout outs to my boys Biinny and Pearstrike.
MARIO 64 HYPE
ONE MORE GAME
Last donation to help get us the Mario64 race! 
1 more game!
1 more game!
1 more game!

First time watching..  GDQ was amazing. I don't have much, but I'm just trying to do my part.
Great Event :D! towards the SM64 race/run Pls. go Cheese! :) 
Figured I should do my part, however small, to try and reach the goal for SM64. Best of luck for the rest of the run!
Let's make it happen. 
SM64 HYPE
Hey everyone, great marathon. Just doing my part to help us get that goal. Rock on.
Wubwubwub
WHY HAVE I NEVER PLAYED THIS GAME BEFORE
Awesome job everybody. I watch every GDQ for as long as I can. Truly the highlight of my year. 
Why do you all hate me?
Thanks for the fantastic entertainment. First time donating. Looking forward to this for months.
Love watching this evil geniuse play this game. Can't wait to watch him speed run past secret challenges and win international fame.
Third and final donation of the entire run, but I just wanted to let chat know that if everyone watching now donates 50 cents, we will meet the SM64 incentive easily.  You know you want to see this.  Don't let your dreams be dreams.  So go find two quarters and just do it!
Making sure I do my part to show thanks for the great week of entertainment and charity. Thanks all! 
Let's see that SM64 afterparty race! Thanks for a great week. Let's continue to save those frames!
Let's go and beat last year's record!  If everyone viewing the stream donates 5 dollars now we'd race past that record.  Here's to another great GDQ
Events like this are truly what make the video game community an awesome one to be a part of.  Keep up the awesome work everyone. And as always, save the animals. 
Had to donate to hopefully get the bonus run. Moo.
Did someone say DOUBLE MARIO?!?
You guys are vidja game gods. Thanks for an enjoyable evening of watching you rock one of my favorite games of all time.
Super Mario RPG is my favorite game of all time.  Thank you for showing off some cool stuff, and looking forward to the end of the run- Smitty's boss song is the best!
Everyone get in your $5 quickly!!!
I gave my five. Let's go people!
I went to the store for bread and milk. 2 hours later, I came back with bread, Doritos, Hot Pockets, Gatorade, 2 Digletts, a Goldeen, 12 Pidgeys, cookies, cereal... and no milk. #PokemonGO ; Oh well, here's the money I saved on milk. ONE MORE GAME!
Dope games and runners and supporting a good cause? how can i not donate 
this entire event has been amazing and I have loved every part of it.
Donating for a good cause and to see that SM64 race. P.S. Cats.
Great marathon yet again. Love the positivity. Love the continued massive support. Let's keep those super jumps going through and into SM64, woo!
One dollar per person watching and we're running Super Mario 64.

Can I get some HYPE!?
Happy to donate to great games and a good cause.  Keep up the good work SGDQ and lets see some SM64.
more mario!
Shoutouts to one of the best old school RPGs ever. GDQ is a great event, and I hope to attend one day.
SMRPG is cool
It's been an amazing SDGQ this week and I think I'd like to see it go on a little bit longer, so here's another $25 towards the 70 Star Super Mario 64 run! Everyone's done an amazing job this week, so can I get a Mario "WAHOO" from the crowd for all those lovely people who have put this great event together?
If everyone watching on Twitch donates 50 cents, we can make it! Come on one more game!
Been watching for a few years, finally have some spare cash to donate, thanks to all the runners and everyone involved, you guys are the best!
I want mario 64! shouts out to based world
How many of you in the live audience are playing Pokemon Go? Can you catch an SM64 for us?
The games will never stop. The games will never stop.
(Song)
Goomba: Hey, have you heard about that Mario guy?
Koopa: Him? You mean?
Goomba: Yea, the one with the mushrooms
Koopa: Yea!
Goomba: You know, the one jumping around in the forest
Koopa: Yea, yea, I know him, I know him
Goomba: Yes? Okay, hey check it out!

Super Mario RPG
It is the only one just for me
When I play the game, I get lost in a phase
Then I find out I'm stuck in Geno's Maze
I love Princess Peach.
You rule
Your cause rules
This event rules. 
Thank you for everything you do! 
Too broke to donate anything else l m a o
LET'S END ON ONE MORE MARIO GAME! WE CAN DO IT!
I BELIEVE
Hey Lack!  Been enjoying the Super Mario RPG Run and the amazing Couch Commentary. 

Quick shout outs to all the people that work behind the scenes to put on this awesome event.  

Thank you again from SolidFrog and the RGLTV Community!
<3
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Let's get that SM64 run!
Thanks for the awesome week. As always it was a blast.
Good luck with the run, Lack Attack! I wish I was there to cheer you on! Shout out to Skybilz, Authorblues, Jkoper, Xarnax, Iceburg, Johncarls, Ordius and all the others I met last year.  I'm there in spirit and hope to toast to a sub- 3 hour run!
Are we really going to let this GDQ go by without a Mario 64 run people? Let's do it!
Donating because one of my friends predicted the casting of Danny DeVito for the Super Mario RPG movie.
SM64 GO!
As always great event, great cause. Hope we get one last game!
Can I put this toward killing the animals at the next SGDQ?
Here's to one m ore game.  Looks like I'm not sleeping for a while tonight.
It's not much, but anything counts! Loving the SM:RPG run! The nostalgia is REAL.
Busy day, but I made it back just in time to get my donation in! The runs this week have been awesome, love GDQ!

So here's 50 for an amazing organization, and to GDQ's continued growth and success. And 1 million hype!

Now to go watch the videos of the runs I missed.
Sav da aminals
Let's see those 70 stars!
I was so happy to see that Super Mario RPG main-evented over an amazing game like Super Metroid.  Let's break 2015's total and get that 70-star run!

Thanks for a great SGDQ!
One last donation. Thanks to all of the runners and the GDQ staff!
Hey guys, 10$ donation as I lost a wager in playing Pokemon Stadium.  Keep up the good games and let's finish the event strong!
Lets get that bonus mario run going so we can get more time to raise more money for doctors without borders

we've broken games, killed animals, and even lost slivers of our sanity so lets keep the magic going

Announcer please say LETS-A-GO in your best Mario voice
What did Mario say to Princess Peach when they broke up? It's not you....It's a-me, Mario!!
Football will always be my main game but I'm starting to like this Super Mario RPG stuff too
Just woke up to catch the end of the last day of SGQD. Thanks for this week's entertainment, and for everything that you all do!
Runners choice. Love to all.
Super Mario RPG is my favorite speed run to watch! Thanks so much to all the organizers and runners. This event makes me so proud to be a total geek. 
This is my last donation of the marathon so I tried to make it a good one. I call on all game players of noble spirit to dig deep and do what we do best:

BEAT. THE. HIGH. SCORE.

Make that race happen, people. #OneMoreGame
[FR] What a great final run ! Wait... Final run ??? Noooo ! 
We want a SM64 final run ! Let's gooo !
And thanks for that SGDQ, so much awesome runs and races !
Keep it up ! 

Another wonderful marathon comes to a close! Thank you to the staff for such a great event and thank you to all the donors for raising so much for a fantastic cause! Until AGDQ everyone!
I loved this game so much when I was a kid that I made a pillow of Geno's face.

Let's see that 70 star race!
I'm starting to get nervous about the 70 star, let's make it happen!
My second favourite game on Snes and you ran ffvi already, so gotta donate. Let's try to get that Mario 64 race!! 70 star HYPE
I was considering whether or not to donate, but if Cheese is there, there's no way I can let the opportunity pass to see this race. Let's roll.
C'mon! Let's break the record. We can do it!  Oh, and save the animals!?
Mario, why-a wouldn't you-a take-a your brother for this adventure?
Well done SGDQ 2016!
super Mario 64 please
$64 dollars to get the SM64 run! I challenge 999 more people to do the same, don't let us fall short!
Love all that you do. Making the world a better place one frame at a time!
This is my first GDQ where I stuck around to watch more than a run or two. It's been a pretty fun week, sad to see it come to an end. Good job to all the runners :) 
Good luck Lack!
Give til it hurts...the animals
Finally donating after watching for a few years. Love the speed running community, keep plowing through these video games.
Super Mario RPG is a good way to round out an awesome week of speed running. But you know what would be a better way to end it? SUPER MARIO 64!!! Good luck to LackAttack on his run and  a big thanks to all of the GDQ crew for a job well done.
Super Mario RPG is one of those games that I just never quite finish. Good to watch the parts I missed in under 4 hours. 
I love Shy Guys! Oyasumi nasai!
Woot super mario 64
Hey guys couldnt donate sooner but im glad i could now. always happy to donate since i found out about this awesome charity 2 years ago. i wanna give a shout out to all those who run games and donate and hope this charity never ends
Let's keep nostalgia train running and help out a great cause guys. 1 more game hyyyype
Love this event and have been watching for a couple years, first time donating though. Here's to the hope of that one extra game!
Super Mario 64 pls
I already donated for the event, but I'll thow another donation in for my first ever RPG game!
Thanks for all of the amazing runs. I look forward to both events every year. Hi from Germany.
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAne more game!
I need not sleep
figured i should just donate ahead of any other challenges, good rng or 100 super jump. ONE MORE GAME HYPE
We need to unlock the Super Mario 64 race just so we can see how fast everyone can complete the secret slide!
Thank you GDQ, for everything. Let's see a 70 star race.
Awesome week, let's beat our PB and get Mario 64!

Also, shout out the awesome crowd who are still going strong.

ONE MORE.  WAAAAAAAAAAAA.  HYEEEPE.
Might as well get this intended donation in.
Bust that record.
I have been glued to SGDQ all week. Thank you so much for putting on an amazing stream for a great cause.
I donated $20 earlier  this week and I needed to add even more. I think Super Mario RPG has a special place in my heart. I'm super happy to be watching this. Thanks to all the runners and everyone else who volunteered and participated at the gdq!! Give me a WAAAH Everyone!
GDQ makes me so proud to be a part of the gaming community. Look how much good we can do! I've been watching all week, and I had to donate again to help push for Mario 64. Thanks to everyone involved; you should be so proud of what you're doing. Much love to my GT chat and Easy Allies friends! <3 
We're in that "if everyone watching gives a dollar..." range.  Let's make it happen people!
Doing what I can for SM64. Come on, everyone, please make it happen!
Need to see that SMB 64 race.
waaahhh need more mario!!!
First time donating, GDQ has seen me through some tough times.  Thanks for all you do!  :D
Just want to thank everybody that takes part in GDQ. I've been watching for about 4 years now and its always a great time. Money goes towards SM64 race.
Although small, I had to donate before the end of the event. I encourage everyone watching to do the same!
We're so close! Let's bust that donation we made back in 2015 wide open! Keep it up Lack! GDQ HYPE!
Always look forward to GDQ, keeps me entertained for an entire week, then I get to watch the VODS for everything I missed. I appreciate all the dedication and hardwork that all these speedrunners put in and all the effort that goes in for this Charity event is awesome! Keep up the good work guys and I'll keep watching!
Shoutout to all the great runners who've made this event fun, shoutout to lack, good luck on sub 3 hours, and shoutout to sarah! Here's to seeing that mario 64 run!
All was peaceful in the Mushroom Kingdom until Smithy the sword shattered the Star Road! Wow!! So with his old enemy Bowser and a marshmallow who throws lightning, HAHAHAHA, Mario fought evil wedding cakes, and killer Venus Fly Traps, and recovered the 7 STARRRRSSSS!!!
 Great cause, great runs, I don't want it to end, let's beat last year's mark!  We need MORE MARIO! IN 64 BITS!
SMRPG was the first speedrun I saw at pie's stream,  and it's introduced me to the GDQ's and speedrunner's community that I've come to enjoy the company of. Glad to donate for a good cause. Rest in peace Mallow Route pieBleThump.
It'll be my 5th donation of the marathon, but I CAN'T miss an SM64 race. Let's meet that incentive so no one has to cry ~WAAHH~
This event has been incredible! Shout out to all you lovely runners out there and to everyone who made this possible. Let's get that Mario 64 run going.
Might have missed most of this gdq, but I made it for the last. Cheers.
super mario 64
Shoutouts to all the runners and this incredible cause. CORE HYPE!
Great work Lack and the Donation amount is just for you!. Go Tigers!
Thanks for the shoutout SGDQ! We were worried you'd forgotten our sponsorship!
Great job everyone . love everything that everyone is doing or have done for sgdq
Keep going, contributing for a great cause, we can break this goal. 
Loved this game as a kid and watching brings back the best memories!! Best wishes guys!!!
This goes to the SM64 Run.
Let's get that Mario 64 going!
Lets get the SM64 run. Love these events!
Make it happen!
64 dollars for Super Mario 64
Let's A Go!
Gotta get my donation in before the end! I watch GDQ every year and it's an absolute pleasure. Thanks to all the runners for sharing their talents with us all for a great cause!
7th GDQ event, and the end always makes me weepy.  Lets keep it rolling with some sweet  sweet 64
Long time watcher, first time donating. I had a really rough week and SGDQ helped a lot through this tough time. Thanks to everyone involved. Let's beat last years record! Hype!
lana...Lana...LANAAAAA.  Something, something, danger zone.  
I enjoy watching SGDQ every year. Thank you to everyone behind the scenes and of course the speedrunners themselves.
Do you want SGDQ to end without one more run?  Come on Twitch Chat.  Come on NeoGAF.  Come on Reddit.  We can do this!  Let's break the record!
Hey guys. Nearly forgot to donate before the end! That would have been terrible! Anyways, not sure if there are any donation incentives left, but if there are, put this towards runners choice.
Last donation for the week! Loved watching all the great runs! Great job runners, and thanks, GDQ, for hosting such a great event as always! Let's get this SM64 bonus! Looking forward to AGDQ '17!
gotta get that donation in this year, great job everyone
sm64 !!!!!!!
Love what you do and look forward to next GDQ already.
SM 64!
It's a me! One hundred bucks. Here some scratch for that Mario 64 run~
dat race
There's been a lot of bad in the world lately, and things like this help me remember there's still good in this world. And it's worth donating for.
Thanks to everyone for an amazing SGDQ. Good luck to Lack on his run.
SM64 let's do it!
I'm making it happen!
This is a little late, but I was busy playing Overwatch! Add this $5 to the $275 you all collected earlier.
I've been meaning to donate all week, but could never quite decide what incentive to vote for. Little late now, but better late than never I guess.

Thanks to everyone for an amazing week of entertainment, and let's get that encore run!
Let's get that SM64 run going!
The game of my childhood! Hopefully this comment gets read during the Nimbus Land segment, as that was always my favorite part of the game. Thank you for giving me an evening of nostalgia.
First time watching live and I had to donate. Thanks to all the runners and organisers for the great work you do.
Love everything you guys do and stand for!  I wanted to donate during one of the best SNES games ever and thank you for letting me relive my childhood for a good cause.  Keep up the awesome work and good luck on the remainder of your run!
Good luck on the run Lack. Shout out to the couch full of awesome people. Love, your favorite Sandwich.
As promised here's a little more for sub 10 sky troopas, yall gotta understand how hard that is, shotuouts to Lack for the Sunkin Ship jump and the run, and everyone couching! GL GL GL!
Xenophon, don't get too drunk at the card store tonight! Also, yay, MSF! Woo...
I tried to resist, but I really want to see another beautiful Super Mario 64 race - here's $10 and some hopes and dreams.

Cheers!
IF EVERYONE WATCHING IN TWITCH CHAT  DONATED THE MINIMUM AMOUNT, WE WOULD REACH THAT BONUS! GO GO GO, DONATE NOW FOR SMW64!
i haven't donated yet this marathon, so i had to pitch in during the final run.  let's beat that record and get some mario 64!
Hey there!  Been watching for a few years now, and it's always fun to see the runners crushing these games for charity.  Best of luck!
Thanks for putting on such an awesome event again.  What a great community and what a great cause to support.
Really want to see a race!!! And a great charity. Game on
I want those awesome prizes!
Why?  To match Pie of course.
Shoutouts to my sister, Mandy!  She's the super-est Super Mario RPG fan and I know this run means a lot to her.  She's been the best gaming buddy this big brother could have asked for.  Love you, sis!

Also, thanks to the runners, announcers and tech staff for another outstanding GDQ.  Happy gaming to all and to all a good night!
2nd year watching and 2nd year donating. Thanks to my girlfriend for introducing me to such a great and fun event. Great job on another great GDQ!
Long time watching, first time donating. Let's get that Mario 64 run! Also, greetings from Missouri, which is basically Germany, right?
Every time I see the donations stop coming in I get worried and think it's time for me to step up to the plate. Now I finally opened my wallet and chipped in.
No time to slow down now! Gotta go fast!
You know what? Though I THOUGHT 20 bucks would be my total for SGDQ 2016, we're still kinda far away from Mario 64. Here's another 35. Step it up, GDQ donators! PS: WAAAAAA! 
MOAR MONEY FOR THE SUPER JUMPS
cool stream
SGDQ hype! Respect to all of the runners that participated in this event, and good luck to Lack on the rest of SMRPG.
SMRPG! One of the best games ever made. Glad I can catch the last half after a late night at work. We made it past a million! Good Job everyone!
Didn't get a chance to watch SGDQ this year, but enjoying the chance SMRPG live!
When people tell me video games are a waste of time, I tell them the amazing folks that put together the GDQ Marathons would like to have a word with them. 

Proud to support the cause. Thank you all for your time and sharing your astounding talents.
I remember donating for as much Mario 64 as possible a couple years ago when Siglemic ran 120 star, if everyone watching on Twitch threw in another 5 bucks we would crush the GDQ record, lets do it!
I don't want SGDQ to end! D:
Always love watching GDQ events, have some cash for keeping me entertained all week.
Thank you SGDQ for the amazing week. Here is a freebie. Cheers.
100 super jumps? Sub two minute minecart? Mack skip? Decent freebie luck? Simply incredible run so far. Keep it up LackAttack! I'm re-running this awesome game casually on the Wii U and could only manage 44 jumps this time, so 44 is how much I'll donate. Fingers crossed for a sub 3 hour run and lets see some Mario 64 so I can stay up even later tonight!
For the runners: Are item freebies random?
Because every little bit counts. 
Would love to see the SM64 race. Let's beat last year's goal!
Super Mario RPG  was very defining of my childhood along with FF XI.  Both games I played for hours as a wee child, and both I was unable to finish until I returned to them later in college. Great showing from all runners.
Here's my donation to get in on some of those sweet prizes. And extra for the sub-1:57 cart run! And extra extra for the 100 super jumps! And-- I feel like I'm going to be doing this for the rest of the night.

This donation is also on behalf of my sweetheart, who could not join us this week because he is currently in military training. FT, I love you.

Thank you, SGDQ team and community, for making this week so magical. <3
Great job u guys for this year speedrun.
Ive given $80 so far over the week, I might as well make it an even $100 for this SGDQ! Great week of amazing runs. Thanks to all the runners, staff, couch crews, and even the chat. Really looking forward to the next event, but first, lets beat last years donation level! We can do it! 
Demon Chocobo is life!  Demon Chocobo is Love!  Demon Chocobo shall have revenge upon your souls, you filthy nonbelievers!

Seriously, can't I leave you all alone for 2 days to attend a funeral without the whole community degenerate into good sense??

[Donation staff,] Put this towards Demon Chocobo [because I can't directly].  I don't care that the run is already over; let the record show that Demon Chocobo ended the marathon at parity!
This is your curse.  This donation COULD have gone to SM64 if you all had kept the faith!
Belated Checkers donation
best game ever and such a fun speedrun. 
Cx
Get a freebie!
This is for my brother Chris who I never let him Mario RPG as a kid.  Love you man.  Let's have a Mario race when I get back to the states.
So glad to see how successful this GDQ has been in doing so much for such a good cause.  I'm happy to donate to support such a great charity and so many amazing people who made this all possible! Peace, love and good vibes to everyone! Can't wait to see what comes around for AGDQ in the winter!
If you wanna beat the heat, you gotta be leet
Just doing my part
Long time watcher, first time donor. Love watching the Super Mario RPG run as it is one of my all time favorite games. Awesome work by everyone to help and support this awesome cause! It's been a great event to watch!
It's been a great event for a great cause. I already can't wait for AGDQ2017!
one for each super jump
I don't have too much to give, but I'd love it if my donation was read. super amazing SGDQ so far, let's extend it with one more Super Mario 64 run.
Just finished cleaning up after work and came into the stream just in time for the 100 Super Jumps on Johnny, gosh dang! LackAttack really knows how to make the stream the most inviting. Congrats!
Bonk, Bonk, Bonk.  One dollar for each damage dealt.
Good stuff, keep it up. Waaaa!
Just a quick donation before the end of this lovely week of speedruns.
Thanks to all the runners crew and sponsors for making this an amazing Sgdq get hype and shatter last years record. 
10 CENTS PER SUPER JUMP
Had to donate during SMRPG, one of my favorite games of all time. I remember my dad used to play it every night back in 1996 when it first came out and my brother and I used to cheer him on. He read all the dialogue out loud for us. Slept over a friend's house the day he beat Culex, so I never got to see what happened afterwards till THIS YEAR when I dumped 15 Rock candies into him. Oh yeah and WAAAAAAAAAAHHH!
Good job!
ONE MORE GAME!  ONE MORE GAME!  ONE MORE GAME!
5 for the 100! 
Wish I could have take few days off work to see more...
Maybe next time. 
Hold on....can we go back and explain exactly how Mario taught Princess Peach the "Shocker"?!?!? Definitely the highlight of the week. Awesome job everyone and thanks for all you've done....
Hello everyone. This is Honmayan, kind of new watcher of AGDQ. Super Mario RPG is a masterpiece of a game, and seeing it being played brings so much wonderful memories from my childhood. Thanks for the awesome runs on all games, here's a little donation for a big cause. 
GG to all the runners this week. loved watching all the runs. Thank you for raising mad cash for such a wonderful cause
Go Lack! Thanks for welcoming us to the speed running community and teaching us some smb strats. Good luck on the rest of the run. 
Mario 64 Hype.
No comment.
Thanks for the awesome week!
Hey everybody. Its that happy sad part nearing the end of GDQ. Here's five for checkers last time and five for lack this time.  Lets hit that final incentive for one more game. Peace, Love and of course... Video games !!
Twin Cities were great. Thanks for a great week. 
Here's to Yaridovich getting Yaridowrecked
First time donating for this event and I get to see Mario's exxor face and peach's glitchy umbrella sprite.  This has been a great week for speedruns.  Keep up the good work.
I'm thankful I have a chance - and some extra cash - to send towards this charity. I'm super sad that missed the first few days of SGDQ because I was hospitalized, but I've spent all my life in and out of hospitals and the importance of good doctors who go above and beyond has been something I learned from an early age. I'll always do my best to show my appreciation for them, especially over a cause like this. 
Love the show! Entertainment  24hours a day fits my baby's sleeping patterns 
Super Mario RPG was the first real RPG I played, and one of my favorite games of all time. The runner and couch are great, with insightful commentary and excellent gameplay.  Thanks all the amazing charity work GDQ has done, and I hope we break the record.
I didn't get to watch as much this week as I wanted but what I did get to watch I loved. I want to support the runners, staff, and this great charity as much as I can. Thank you all for all your hard work and I hope to see you all again next year.
Been a fan of speedrunning for a few years, and finally getting a chance to donate and help you guys help the underprivileged get the medical help they need.  Greetings from Seoul on my last day in Korea before heading back home, thanks for inspiring me to start speedrunning myself.  Kill the animals with the quickness!
I have been waiting all week for this game, good luck Lack. Dylan, I know you're watching.
My donation didn't go through the first time :( 5 dollars plus 1 for each second under 2 minutes. SM64 hype!
Gunk
Here is my 5, I expect the rest of chat to match.
I think Caleb needs to flex for the CORE right now. Thank.  Bye.
Thank you so much for having at least one of the Mario RPG's this year! I may not have played this game YET, but I love the Paper Mario series, which is close enough. Let's destroy the animals like Nintendo destroyed Mario RPG's.
$10 for being awesome and running one of my favorite games. 

Hoping to see the Mario 64 run and run fast. 
HYPE!!!
Super Mario RPG came out right before my 11th birthday and I wanted it more than anything. My  parents couldn't afford the game and I accepted it sadly - but my grandfather secretly took me to the store to pick it up on his dime, even though he was poor too. It was such a generous thing and introduced me to one of my favorite games of all time, so this donation's in his memory. To Nintendo: Make a sequel! To Lack: You can get less than six minutes on the mine cart? Holy crap!
Loving the fact you guys do this for charity, this is my first SGDQ and I am very impressed. Keep it up guys!
Mario HYPE!
If everyone one watching the stream donates $5 we will make the goal. Let's gooooooooooo.
Is it too late to kill the animals? Kill the animals! Or reach an all new record for fundraising at SGDQ, whatever works for you.
You guys all rock, lived the maraton as always. $8 million hype!
Really enjoyed everything I saw in the marathon. Looking forward to AGDQ 2017!
Here's $5 for doing the mine cart sub 2, multiplied for every flower. 
Gdqs are my favorite events each year.  I never want them to end.  My daughter is only 4 months old and watchEd with me all week.   I keep thinking about how fun it will be to share these games and this event with her in the future.  Thank you all for your passion for gaming and giving. Let's break one more record and earn that Mario 64 run.


275 smackaroos from the audience as promised! Shoutouts to Pie for being an awesome promotion d00d.
...It's my birthday and I missed all the things! Oops! But hey, I'll donate some. I'd ask for it to go towards saving the animals, but I'm a bit late for that... I guess I'll find out what happens when I watch on youtube.
Come on, guys, we can break last year's record! Super Mario 64 HYPE! I mean, WEEEHHHHHHHHH.
Why?  Because Pie said so.
Nothing like the last minute!  Well done everyone and thanks for another great SGDQ!
Lets keep the HYPE train rolling!
WAAAAH!
Paying up. 
chowdahplz
Mario RPG was one of my favorite games growing up. I'm not able to watch the run live, but I had to donate during it.
first time donating but had to throw down 5 for lacks sub 2min mine cart.

#teamlack
SMRPG: for the item freebies, it's easy! Always have it always, never not have it. 
#ilu
Thanks for all the fantastic runs over the last week! I meant to donate earlier, but forgot earlier. Just pretend that this went to killing the animals :)
This is for the best older game I can think of. SMRPG HYPE!
Congrats on the sub-2m minecart minigame time! When I first played SMRPG as a kid it took me hours to get past that part ;_;
mine kartz
Thanks to all the runners and all the staff for making this an amazing SGDQ!
Gotta see that SM64 Race! Thanks to all runners for a great show.
All right Mario RPG. It was my first RPG and I still love it to this day. Keep up the good work. 
Nostalgia done quick. Thanks for taking me back every year!
I love humanity and we should all love each other. Love you guys. Kisses.
Thank you all for the marathon.
Greetings from Aersia! Congrats on yet another successful marathon! Wahoo!
I'm really proud to see so many people gather together and run such a great event for a great cause! I think many, including myself are very thankful for the entertainment and the wonderful effort this past week. I hope y'all know that and I want to wish everyone a happy summer! 
I've been looking forward to this Super Mario RPG run since before SGDQ was even a thing! Thank you for all that you guys do and see you next time! WAAAHHHHH
Hi SGDQ! Greetings from Canada.

I've been tuning into SGDQ all week and it's been such an inspiring event every single time I watch it. To see the passion and hard work that goes into these events is really something special. Here's to more charitable events, epic runs and dead animals. And to the runners... You guys got my PogChamp face on all week. Cheers.


1 dollar for each day here ya go =)
Power up audio here. Thanks again for an amazing week. Hopefully we'll see everyone again soon!

But for now... Do it up lack! CHOO CHOO
Super Wario MSF : Legend of the SM64 Race
Donating on behalf of ShackCon 2016 and the Shacknews community. Thanks for a hell of a ride and keep doing it for Shacknews and Doctors Without Borders!
Minecart HYPE!!!
The first time i played Super Mario RPG, i was around 7 years old. and i remembered i couldn't figure out the password for the Sunken Ship. I became desperate and i waited until my birthday so i can make a wish. Moments later i went back to the game and my big brother came through and spared my torment with a single word. "PEARLS" 

Love this game and love seeing this game getting completely destroyed for such an amazing cause.
Mine cart couch match, that's fun to say three times in a row.
This is my first year donating, second time this event! Super Mario RPG run by Checkers was my favorite run to play over and over in the background while I worked. Thank you for hosting an amazing event.
Glad to see the marathon ending on one of my favorite games.  Keep it up and Good Luck Lack!
Long time watcher, first time donator. Let's beat last year's record!
Had to during my favorite game of all time. I'm happy to be donating to such a good cause and huge shout outs to all the runners and staff that donate their time and energy to making this event happen. 
loving the mario RPG speed run, here's 5 dllrs to kill those anim.. I mean to wath that awesome m64 speed run!
5 bucks for 1:56 minecart and 12 for 12 flowers! OH BABY!
I loved this game as a kid, and I'm glad I'm able to catch this run as the finale. The soundtrack always makes me nostalgic and happy.

Super Mario RPG HYYYYYYYYYYPE!
Here's my $10 from the cart before, you guys crashed donations for a little! Amazing what you guys do, thanks to every single person involved! Wub a lub a dub dub!
Donating to break last year's record!  Let's see some SM64.
Donating $5 for every flower lack picked up. This is such a great event with a great cause and I'm looking forward to the  Mario64 run!
First time donating, third time watching. Everyone involved deserves a round of applause. Shout out to Uncle Bones!
Super mario RPG was my favorite game as a kid so I had to donate, also - I want to see that 70 star run! Let's-a go!
Here's a combo donation of the sub 2 minecart session where I donate 1 dollar for each flower gained in Call Your Shots!

Now let's beat the record, everyone! HYPE!!
Super Mario RPG has a fun story and great music, but let's keep the party rolling with that Super Mario 64 race!
You better get that kiss.
12 flowers snagged and 12 cans of pepsi in a case... coincidence? I think not.
Here's another $12 for each fire flower 
$20 for the sub 2 minute mining and 12.00 for the wonderful flower collector you are.  Enjoying SGDQ!
Calling out twitch chat, if everyone gave  $1 we would fly right past that 1,215,000 and get some super mario 64 goodness. Here is $40 to cover some that may not be able to.
This has been a great week! It went by so fast, and i want to say thank you to everyone. This goes to the goal 1.2 mill! and as well as the sub 2 minute cart run. I cant wait already for ADGQ. Shoutouts to everyone who ran, my friends in this room here with me! What a EXCITING WEEK!! 
It's not much, but $2 for every flower on Booster Hill.  Almost time for Super Jumps! #TeamLack
Just chipped in for the minecart madness, but what the heck, here's one more for each flower collected!
My favorite SNES game of all time! 
A dollar for each flower
$25 for every flower over 10, keep it up~!
Sub 2 minute mine cart!
I've watched a lot of the runs on youtube but I've always missed the stream itself. It feels awesome to actually donate. 
GDQ won $12 from me...great job Lack
Best minecart run! Sub 1:57!!!
1.216 million HYPE!
My last donation goes in for one of my favorite RPGs of all time. Thanks again for this awesome event, all the great runs, and to all the great runners who practiced and made this event amazing!
Enough of Red Luigi! Waluigi time!
Donating $12 for correctly guessing 12 flowers in the minigame!!!  #TeamRight
Two dollars for every flower!
Waluigi! Number one!
Et oui c'est déjà la fin vivement la prochaine !!!! Merci à Tous, salut ! Thank you all for your hard work ! It was great ! good by. 
(Super Mario RPG, @KiraDomination)
Making one last donation to recognize the Games Done Quick team.  It's been amazing seeing these events grow over the years, to the point where they're raising over a million dollars for great charities.  Thank you for volunteering all the time and energy that it takes to put together an amazing event like SGDQ 2016!
I'll donate my mine cart money from my seat in the audience cause I'm lazy Kappa
$12 for 12 flowers
I miss the olden days of 2013, when I had no living expenses and could give generously to GDQ. But. I mean, sub-2 Minecart. Take my $5.
First time watching. Never been prouder of the gaming community. 
10 for the sub 2 train, 1 more for each second under
Congrats on the sub 2 minutes Lack!
Thank you so much for providing so much joy and fellowship for my boyfriend Zac. It lights me up to see how excited he gets every AGDQ and SGDQ, and I know that it does the same for hundreds of thousands of other people. The happiness and hope that you share has no limit. Let's hit 1.2 million!
that mine cart minigame made speedy gonzales look like regular gonzales
For doctors without borders
To help towards the goal! thank you so much for sreaming such amazing games and hours of entertainment :=) -Sebbington <3
great job on the mine cart and the run in general! WAHHHHHH!
He did the mine cart in under 2 minutes. I knew he'd do it but yet I promised I'd donate if he did. I'll double the donation if the announcer can pronounce  my name correctly. Been a great trip all week watching all of you. I"ll definitely be contacting a few of the communities to join up. #SGDQ2016 #WALUIGI #DEMONCHOCOBO
Just got back from running around playing Pokemon Go and saw you guys were still going! I've never played SMRPG but it's my boyfriend's favorite game so I figured I'd check it out. Thank you guys for such an amazing stream!
Only been following GDQ for about a year and really impressed with how much you guys have accomplished. Great job and keep up the great work. 
Let's beat SGDQ 2015 guys!
Let's go lackattack! Love watching you crush this game 
Truely my favorite game of all time.  Bowser crying is the best animation in the game!!!! You guys are the best thanks for the great cause!!!!
That minigame was amazing. Could not go without donating.
Thanks for doing this awesome event each year! Super Mario RPG is one of my favorite games from my childhood. Now Nintendo, can we please bring Mallow and Geno back?! Please?
That minecart run, though! I've been watching a lot of GDQ all week, but it's about time to donate. What better way than on a gamble?
This is all I have because the super market I work part time at pays terribly, and video games cost a lot.

I'm not doing this for you, I'm doing it for my boy Pepsi Man.
for teh mine cart
Let's get that 70 star run.
My last donation for the marathon. Great job everyone. The event is better every time I watch. The Super Metroid race with Behemoth clutching it out to kill the animals was amazing. The delerious Bonesaw and his love of Owen Wilson and his car keys. Pepsiman was a treat, and TASbot is mindblowing. You all are so talented and fantastic. Never stop doing this, you brighten the world and change it for the better.

Thank you!
This has bee the bed GDQ to date! Let's finish with a bang- congrats to all the runners
5 dollar hype! Been awake for nearly two days so me and my boyfriend have to take a little power nap. Planning to wake up to the 70 stars run. Fingers crossed. 
Had to donate during the greatest SNES game ever!!!  This is my first donation and that sub 2 minute mine cart gave me no choice but to donate.  (Don't tell my fiance)  Awesome work guys!  Send this to announcers choice
LackAttack24 Mine Cart Hype!
I was iffy when it was presented, but watching it in action, I had to give credit where it's due for that stellar minecart action. Props for the great week of gaming and best of luck for the remainder of the marathon.
Been watching SGDQ all week and absolutely love SMRPG. Watching the Mack Skip two years ago blew my mind and started me on trying to speed run this game myself. I am happy to contribute to such an amazing cause and don't want this week to end!
If there was ever a time to donate it's now. Come on let's bet last years SGDQ total!
Fine. Take my $5. And then some.
Great SGDQ this year! 1.1 million plus!
Good job on the mine cart :D
For doing the mine cart run in under two minutes, I'll double the match amount.  Super Mario RPG is one of my husband's favorite games so it seems fitting for one of my donations this year to be during this run.  Thursday was our 9th anniversary so this donation is for him.  A donation to a great cause during a game my husband loves, a fitting way for us to close out SGDQ 2016. 
What an amazing experience to be a part of - very sad that it is ending after this. Great organization for a great cause!
In loving memory of our dad who loved Super Mario RPG. Best moment tonight was completely trashing the side scrolling minecart sections!
 I missed more of this than I'd care to admit but I can never resist donating. I love this cause and every GDQ, already want 2017 to start for the next one! Thanks for the grand spectacle again!
lack broke the website, this is my 4th attempt at donating lol 
Please take my money :(
For that sub 2 madness and 1.2 million H-Y-P-E... HYPE!
Minecart
GG WP ALL!
A promise is a promise and it's going to a good cause! Well done, Lackattack24! Keep up the good work guys! 
Ps: Where is the monitor senpai from AGDQ 2015!? I miss it!  Greetings from Finland!
I love gdq's,  thanks everyone who is awesome enough to be a part of this community
YOU'RE WINNER !

(From here, it looks like the donation tracker actually went down for a few minutes.)

Minecart HYPEEEE
Here's $10 for LackAttack's sub 2 minute mine cart run.  This week has been amazing, and I'm already excited for the next GDQ event!  Here's to reaching that last incentive!
Waaaaaaluigi whahahaha
Awsome marathon as always. Already can't wait for the next GDQ.
Congrats on finishing the mini game in 1:56! Put this towards the Geno and Mallow plushies!
SMRPG Hype! $5 for the sub 2 min mine cart!
This game's music is better than Taylor Swift.
For that clean mine cart run coming just over 3 seconds under 2 minutes.
Last donation of the event. Been a good week. And loving this ride or with Mario. Thank you again to all the staff, runners, volunteers, and grandma's that helped make this event another classic. Love to everyone out there. And as always, one last HYYYYYYPE!!!!
For the sub 2. Let's get that 70 star run!
I've followed a few GDQs before, but this is my first time donating. SMRPG  is my favorite game of all time and I'm always happy to see it run. A big thanks to all of those that make these events possible. you guys are awesome!
Glad to see my favorite game on stream to finish off the week.  Great job on the sub 2 minutes.
This is my McDonalds breakfast money. Instead of clogging my arteries it will be saving lives. Great runs to all this week!
Congratulations on a great SGDQ and I hope this first time donation helps us break last year's record! 
I am addicted to seeing that donation tally go up. And I was challenged to put down some cash for a sub-2 minute run. 
please put this 10 dollars towards DS Dad becoming my real dad
dont stop the mario, trap mario in the speedrun dimension forever. play super mario 64... keep him in speedrun for longer................
My first SGDQ and its absolutely awesome!!! great job on the Minecart run!
great minecart run!
honk honk
Here's my $5 for that sub 2. Let's shatter that donation goal and get that Mario 64 race!
Lets break that record people
Paying respect for that superb minecart run, and giving thanks for closing out this event with one of my favorite games of all time.  But I don't want it to end either, so here's hoping we break that  donation record!
The mine chart donations are still coming. It seems to be bogged down right now. 
Have patience! And I will honor my end if the bargain by making sure my $5 for the mine cart bet goes through too.
Every GDQ I am floored by the ability of the speedrunning community to create an event that does so much good for so many people. Thank you, thank you, thank you to all of the volunteers, runners, and everyone else who has made this SGDQ such a success. 
1:56 Kreygasm
I can't donate as much as I'd like, but I just HAVE to see that SM64 run!
Minecart!
Under 2 minutes hype! You said 5, but I think you deserve more for that wonderful event! Also, kill the animals wahhhh!
Gotta be a part of this wonderful event. 3rd year watching and I want that Super Mario 64 run. HYPE!
Great job on the mine cart. I expected more from you on the horn though.  

You guys are amazing, keep up the good work. 
This is my congratulations for the sub 2 minecart run! First time donating and watching live. SMRPG is one of my all time favorite games. Thank you everyone (runners and staff alike) for your hard work. Love you all.
WAEH (good mine cart run)
Nice sub 2 minecart run LackAttack! Lets brake the record everyone! Keep the donations coming!!
Wanted to match the $10 with the 10 I can spare. Everyone else did too because we all broke the Donation site. Thanks chat. And good job!
I played the shit out of Super Mario RPG when I had pneumonia when I was 11. Great game, good times. MSF is an incredible organization, big congrats GDQ team!
sub 2 hype
Love from Minnesota at home. On site reg next time?!?! T_T
Hey Lack, good luck on the run! been a big fan of games done quick and speedrunning in general. Really hyped to see so many people supporting a great cause. shoutouts to Pie and caleb! creaped their streams alot and really makes me want to pick up these games myself. Can i get the crowds best WAH!
Welp! I wanted an excuse to give some money!

Here my contribution to this amazing cause!

Now I dare everyone in chat to do the same! Let's break all donation records!
Someone tell Pie he needs to start running this game again.
I didn't make any promises, but here's my 5 bucks anyways! Shoutouts to ZEON!
Wasn't able to save the animals so lets try our hardest to save each other. great event, here is 10 for the sub 2 min. mine cart run.
SMRPG, favorite game being run this event! Great mine cart ride; totally worth every donation!
Would you be able to spare a couple seconds and beat Culex? You know, for swag!
Excellent run in the mine! Here's my ten dollars. Shout out to Caleb collecting the money.
Here's $5 for the sub 2 minute mine cart run. Keep up the amazing work. Waaaaaa!!!
For the cart level! Awesome week thank you! 
Throwing $10  for a great sub 2 Minecart.
Guessing a 7 for the Booster Hill minigame as well.

Thank you GDQ staff, runners, and supporters of all sorts for holding such an amazing event.

P.S- Late Donation is Late.
Here is  my money for the sub 2 mini game. Well done Lackattack24! 
I have the cajones. As promised, 5 dollars to the best minecart section I've ever seen.
Time to pay up. Let's get to that Mario 64 hype!
Waaaaaaaaah
Sub-2 min cart run!
Good cart run. 
Samus, Link and Waluigi in a Mario game? Is this a Super Smash Brothers Speedrun? 
Sub 2 HYPE
Gotta dish out for that sub-2 minute hype. Mario RPG is so good, I figured why not just double up. Keep up the great work.
For helpful tips on how to grow your stream please visit streambig.net
Why isn't there an old man river incentive? C'mon Pie! 
Good luck on your run Lack. Love,your favorite Sandwich.
How can I not match? Awesome run so far - keep it up!
Well I've been watching SGDQ all week but I have yet to donate. The sub 2-minute minecart was just the excuse I needed. Awesome job Lack, and all the runners who have participated throughout the week, such a great cause!
$5?  How about $50!  Let's beat last year's total and get that Mario 64 run!
Hey Nate here, I haven't donated all GDQ because I've only been seeing the tail end of this run, but Couch called me out to donate on a sub 2 minutes, so here's my money

Put this towards... well Doctors Without Borders, cause I'm too late to put it towards anything else
Super Mario RPG was one of my favorite games growing up. So here's $1 for each second of the minecart run
Let's break this record WAAAA!
Let it never be said that I backed down from a challenge. This should cover me and three scrubs who did not have the courage to donate.
For the cart thingy I guess I implicitly agreed to? In any case, thanks again to everyone for an amazing week of keeping us all entertained!
Minecart ho! (Delayed by site issues)
Here's my money from the sub 2 minutes minecart. Good luck with the run, and let's get that SM64 race. HYPE!
Final run of SGDQ already??? Almost missed it. Keep up the good work everyone.
Take my $5, take my cojones
This is for completing the mine cart track in under 2 minutes. P.S. can I get change?
$5 for sub-2 minute, and an additional $5 more for each second under the goal. Well done!
For the Mario mine cart run.

Thanks for all the games this week everyone... Endless hours of entertainment.  Wish I had time free this week to see it live.  Hopefully next year.
I literally just played this game for the first time this past week to prep for this finale... here's my $5 for destroying the minecart minigame that I was terrible at!
a guy on the couch in a video on the internet told me to donate 5 dollars because a guy playing a game did the thing.

How could I refuse?
$15 for every second faster than 2 min on the mine cart on mario rpg. Good last run and great sgdq!
Donating 50 plus an extra 5 for the sub 1:57 in one of my  favorite childhood games. WAH!
Great mine cart ride!
Last donation for this year. It's been a great week! Thanks to all the runners, hosts, tech, the crowd and all the hidden heroes! 

Eagerly waiting for AGDQ 2017!

Jens
OHHHHH, that minecart run! A deal's a deal, here's my 5 for your 2.
Hope people get the help they need from Doctors without Borders!
sub two minute mine car by lack!!
gg SMRPG
Here is my $10 for everyone  on the couch after that sub 2 minute cart ride. That's what we agreed to right?
Here's my relatively small donation, though I am adding $5 for the sub 2 minute minecart sequence!
Putting my money where my mouth is
Take mine money!
please let me donate
I have been watching all week with my girlfriend and we have to get in one last donation. I cannot be any more hyped for a SM64 race. Lets beat last years total!
Sub 2 mins, pay up chat
Sub-2:00 mine cart plus $1 for every second under
Pretty much the game that set the standard for my RPG gaming. Also, a small fact that even the speed runners may not know! 

There is a spell attack you can defend against. Dark Star, used only by the secret boss, only issue is every time you defend the Dark Star jumps again, and again, and again etc. Not a very fast thing at all.
I've been watching all week and finally decided to donate after that great minecart run.  It's been an awesome GDQ and I can't wait to tune in again next time
Mine cart sub 2:00. 
SUB 2 MINE CART!!!
Love this fundraiser. Ty to runners, donators, twitchTV lurkers, broke people, rich people, audience members. Peace, love, and  long live the game!
I'll match the couch with 10, and raise them another 10! SGDQ helped me through a pretty bad week, and for that I'm extremely grateful. Can't wait to go back and watch everything I missed because of that pesky job. Let's see that SM64 run! Hype! 
Here is my $5 for the sub 2:00 minecart run
$5 for the sub 2 min mine cart.
Thanks for a fun and informative bunch of runs to distract me all week! Great to have Lack and his fun crew bringing it home with one of my all-time favorites. Here's a bonus tenner for that sub-2 minecart run.
My brother and I took the mine cart bet. Good job Lack!
MINECART SKILLS TO STROOONG.
Super Mario RPG is one of my favourite games, just like GDQ is one of my favourite events! Keep running in the fast lane guys!
First donation! This event as given me inspiration! Do you think Speedrunning this game and FF9 is a good idea audience? Cheer or boo! 
Time to pay up for that sub 2 minecart pieSellOut
Haven't been able to watch much but really enjoyed all the runs I caught, here's five dollars for sub 2
sub 2 minecart minigame = 5 dollar donation, seems fair to me
Here's five dollars for every second under two minutes on the cart-game. It's now past six in the morning here in Norway, but the end to the Metroid-race had me so excited I won't be sleeping until after the 70-star Mario 64 WHICH WE WILL REACH, LET'S GO PEOPLE.
The tracker broke from that cart run! Here's my $5, and $5 for the next one too!
1:56!
Meow you're truly ready to rumble~
Hi hi everybody! I'm 7 and my little sister is 5. We have been watching All Week. Me and my little sister put our allowances together cause we want the doctor gamers to help make as many people feel better as possible! Games are cool, and speedrunners are the best! Thank you everybody :) Love you!
WAAAAAAAAAAAAHH
5 for the mine cart sub 2 minutes and 45 for everything else thats happened so far. 
oh, and WAAAH
Good job on the minecarts.
Nice we crashed the donation server for a few minutes, keep the money train rolling!
Thank you for everything this week, it's been a pleasure. This thanks goes to everyone who help set up sgdq, everyone who donated, everyone who ran, and everyone who watched.
Here is my 5 and a bit of change
You know what you did.
This is my first time watching SGDQ live and I had to donate after seeing the mine cart run. As a kid I would go as slowly as possible so it would be easier to break my record later... but I would always forget to go back to Moleville to actually do it normally. Seeing you absolutely rock that was amazing, and my childhood self was cheering the whole time. 
Thank you so much for the work you do for Doctors Without Borders! Here's to making this a world where more wishes can come true!
Time to pay up. good luck on the rest of the run!
didnt have $5 to donate so heres 50 (^-^)
Truly the finest in mario minecartery I have seen in at least six, perhaps seven years!
Super Mario 64 HYPE!!
For that sub 2 minute minecart, peer pressure HYPE
A promise is a promise
This was for the minecart mini game, but it's late because I think a server blew up somewhere from the sheer amount of donations when I was trying to donate.
Pokemon Go is love, Pokemon Go is life
Better get that money, guys!
an extra dollar for every second below 2 min.
Wait! Make add $10 for the mine cart sub 2 minute run!
This is for breaking 2 min on the mine cart. Also let's hope we can make the incentive for Mario 64 race.
Well I've been meaning to donate to SGDQ 2016 for Drs. without boarders, and sub 2 minute mine cart seems as good a reason as any.
Five dollars for a sub 2 minecart... I WANTED that five dollars! I said I would stop donating yesterday... FUNGAH! FOILED AGAIN!
1'56" sub 2:00 HYPE!
$5.00 for the sub 2 minutes plus $2 for every second under  the 2 minute mark. Lets get that SM64 run and keep the marathon going. 
Matching and doubling.  Been watching since AGDQ 2013 and have been into watching speedruns ever since. Good luck Lack and here's to breaking the record.
That minecart segment gave me flashbacks to Donkey Kong Country madness. Sub 2-minutes? That's crazy! Fantastic run! Here's to seeing Mario 64!
NICE JOB ON THE MINECARTS! Here is my five, and five for four more chatters who couldnt afford it!
Pie convinced me to put it ALL ON THE LINE. Sub 2 mine cart hype!
Awesome sub 2 mine cart!
Here's my $5, grats to Lackattack24 on the 1:56!
We better get that SM64 Race.
Thanks for the Frames (or lack thereof) GDQ organizers. Always a blast to watch. 
Greatest. Game.Ever. Thanks to everyone involved, for putting on such a great event!
Four seconds under 2:00, that's 4 times the donation. 70 star hyyyyyyyyyype!!!!!!!!
Reth Eldirood here! (Pronunciation guide: Sounds like Ref Elder Wood)  I've been watching since AGDQ 2013 and every event I am awed.  Didn't get to watch as much as possible this time because of work.  But here for the Finale and hoping for more!  I would say 'Save the Animals' but that's old hat at this point, so... I dunno.  Super Mario RPG for best FF game?  Maybe a bonus stream run of Die Hard?  More single claps? Throw us a bone here!

Great job everyone and no matter what happens you all have made  a difference.  Keep it up, and as always, good gaming!
Amazing sub 2 minecart mini-game. Good luck on the rest of the run. WAHHHHHHHHHH
Sub-2! I didn't know that could be done! Also, first time donating, though I've caught many GDQ marathons. Great job on breaking $1million again!
That time was ridiculous, so I have to send in my 5 bucks for that. This is what Games Done Quick is all about.
I WANT THAT SM64 RUN!!!!
Minecart 
Cart Race Bet
First time donating because Lack did that minecart section in under 2 minutes. Let's get that SM64 run in!
Great mine cart run, here's my $5
Minecart Donation
Here's my money lack
Loved the sub-2 minigame! Nice job! Looking forward to the SM64 race!
For the sub 2 mine cart! WAAAH
Great mine run! One of my favorite games ever, excited to see the rest!
MARIO 
MARIO
MARIO

!!! <3
Here's my $5 for the sub-2-minute mine cart run!
Here's my $50 as promised. Keep up the good work and let's get that Mario 64 70-star run.
Mine cart HYPE!
This is it?
Mario RPG was my favorite game for SNES.  I had to have beaten it 50 times.  Never this fast.  Super Mario RPG HYPE! Mario 64 HYPE!
$5, plus $4 for each second below 2 minutes, plus $1 because OCD.
Not only do I have the balls to donate $5 for a sub two, here's an additional five for the other three people watching the stream with me.  Thanks for another amazing stream and all that you do.  Already looking forward to AGDQ next year.
Tarrrrr Nation! What a Hootin and Hollerin sub 2 minute cart ride! Mario, you ARE a legend!
I'm glad Lack had the STEAM to stay on TRACK on that cart bit
5 dollars for every second the mine cart mini game was under 2 minutes. 
Paying up for the sub 2 minecart
THE GAUNTLET HAS BEEN THROWN, THE CHALLENGE MADE.  I will accept it.
For that sub 2 min. mine cart! Go Lack!
I usually never have anything to do when I get off work at 2AM, but  I have had a great week watching these talented, funny, and entertaining runners. Thank you runners, and thank you GDQ for the work you do putting this together. And it's all for a good cause! I love you all.
Great SGDQ. Thanks to all the runners, couch crews, announcers and audience members for keeping the hype real!  
This is my $5 for Lack doing the Sub-2 minute mine cart mini game. HYPE
This IS it
Long time watcher, first time donator. It's been an amazing GDQ, congrats to all the runners! Let's see that SM64!
Aw man! That Sub Two Minute Mine Cart!  I shouldn't have bet 5 dollars against LackAttack
sub 2 bla bla bla sm64 bla bla bla w00t
Here's $10 for the cart run and 40 more for my favorite game of all time being the finale to this great event!
This is for the sub 2 minute mine race!
Think I owe you a fiver for that sweet minecart  race
Congrats to the sub 2 minutes, LackAttack!  Major shoutouts to Raysfire and everyone in his community, the SMRPG speedrunners, Pok3monrocks and everyone who has helped donate to this amazing cause.  Let's show how video games are truly an amazing contribution to the world and break the 1.2 million wall!
For the sake of putting it all on the line for a marathon run, here's a little extra. Mad props to LackAttack for the sub 2. Now, how much for Caleb to lose the shirt?
Sub 2min minecart!? Holy cow, Lack.

I almost spent this $5 on Pokémon Go microtransactions earlier today. 

IT'S TOO TEMPTING

TAKE THIS MONEY AWAY FROM ME BEFORE I USE IT FOR EVIL MICROTRANSACTIONS
PogChamp
Did you say 5 or 500? Whatever. A deal's a deal.
I've been watching GDQs for a few years now, first time donating. Congrats Lack on the sub 2-minute minecart run! Keep the hype going for Super Mario 64! WAAAAHHHHHHH!
He got sub two, but I haven't donated yet so here's a little extra.
Amazing SGDQ! I tossed up my $5 plus more for that wicked Mine Cart run! 
Was gonna donate $10 for the minecart, then decided I was gonna match and then add $15 to make my total $50 for this marathon. Thanks for the marathons every year and the countless hours of entertainment. Good luck on the rest of your run, Lack. :D Maybe next year I'll be able to come out and see it all go down in person. 
WAHHHHHH!
Sub 2:00 HYPE!!!
Good job Lack, here is my $5 and thank you Pie from another Pie
I'm a student making 15/hour... So I'll donate an hour of my time for that sub 2 railroad. Thanks for the amazing week, everybody!
Matching the Lack Minecart  challenge
Another one down - really enjoyed this year
Awesome job, Lack!  Gotta match the $10 for hitting that sub-1:57!
Cajones are cajones
Mine cart tithe
Sub 2 Minutes? Well i guess i have no other choice then
Honoring the bet. The rest of Twitch Chat should to. PAY UP GUYS
Great speedruns. 1st time donating
I know the initial deal was $5, but since Lack got a new PB a figured I may as well toss in a $15 bonus.
I put it all on the line, and Lack did it. I guess THIS IS IT! #teamlack
I'm a man of my word, Lack! Congrats on the minecart minigame, and to all of the GDQ runners and staff for making this all possible! It may only be $5, but every dollar counts with regards to such a world-shaping cause.
Sub 2 min mine cart hype! 
1.56 SM:RPG Cart!!! Gratz to a successful SGDQ!
CARTING HARD OR HARDLY CARTING?
Nice minecart mini game!
Cheers all the way from Guatemala!
Never donated to a GDQ before, but a deal is a deal. Everyone in chat better pay up, too.
Well, its to late to donate for save the animals, but that's okay, a good cause like this is its own reward. Shout out to my lovely girlfriend Nicole, from phoenix, she will get it, Thank  you all and great work.
Paying Minecart maintenance fees
let's see SM64! 
For Lak, cuz he is a boss.
Sub 2 minecart!
10.00 from 5 people for sub 2:00m minecart, plus an extra 5 for style :)
SUB TWO!!
Long time watcher, first time making a donation. This is for that amazing mine cart run.
Nice job with the minecart. I hope you enjoy this miner donation.
Getting in that maybe last donation during the game that got me into games.
Take $10 for that amazing mine Kart ride!
Minecart minigame HYPE!
Happy to donate once again, already can't wait until AGDQ2017
paying up for the smrpg sub 2 minecart, cmon everyone 5 will take us over the top by a bunch! thanks everyone for an epic week of speedruns >3>b
I have the cajones - also the sm64 race hype
3 seconds to spare, nice
I grew up fighting over the controller with my brothers, so I'm happy to see runners introducing more families to this fantastic game that is sure to destroy their relationships. 
I happened upon GDQ in my twitch stream earlier this week, had no idea it existed. Now its been on every minute I've been home all week. Loving the spectrum of games and its for a great cause. 
Doing my part to keep it going. 
Five of this is for the Mine cart run.

I'll see your sub-2 minute mine cart $10 bet and raise you $10!
5 dollars for the cause, 1.2m hype
sicc sub 2 minecart here's 15 bucks another 20 if you make kissy noises during marrymore
Here's my $10 for the 1:56 minecart ride, I'm rooting for the 15 on Booster Hill.  #ThisItIt #TeamLack
Second time watching GDQ, first time donating, glad to watch a game from my childhood getting destroyed! Let's break 1.25 Million for Doctors without borders!
He earned it !
Sub-2 minecart GET
Nice sub 2! Heres 5
Sub 2 min mine cart in Super Mario RPG, I took the bet and lost. But that's ok, win or lose we all win with donations! Take my money! WAH!!!!!!!!


Congrats on the sub-2:00 minecart ride, Lack!  Here's hoping we can make it to that Super Mario 64 race!
1:56:59 cart run?! My childhood flashes before my eyes. $10 from me, another $5 from my husband. My favorite game being destroyed is amazing.
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Hey Lack! Great job hitting 1:56:95 mine cart. Been an amazing  hour so far keep up the great run. This is it! #TeamLack
Well I'll be a GOOMBA'S UNCLE!!
Congrats on the sub 2 minute SMRPG mine cart run!!
For the sub 2:00 mine cart run. GG LackAttack
Well this has been a great week after my Birthday i might as well hop aboard one last Hypecart for this event, nice sub 2 Lack
Gotta put my money where my mouth is..
Here's a 5.00$ for that awesome minecart run by lack attack plus a few extra for my favorite game of all time SMRPG. I play this game at least once a year as a ritual and to see it ran as a finale is definitely something to donate for. Here's to stomping cancer like a goomba! 
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-*takes breath*-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Minecarts. of course.
nice job on the mine cart section! i've been watching all week and having a great time, so i hope i can give back a little bit with this donation, even if it's small. good luck to the runners and lets break last year's total!
Better take those Mario kart skills to a Mario kart game next time.
First time donation for 1:56 Minecart HYPE! Let's see that SM64 race!
WAAAAAAOOOOOOWWWW
For that mean sub 2:00.  Great job! 
And here is my last donation for the week.

Huge thanks to all of you for this wonderful week and especially props for everyone working behind the scenes!
Awesome mine cart ride.  Lets get another challenge for Booster Hill flowers
Hey, Lack, since you're here, maybe you could clear up something for me. My bride-to-be is chanting, "MARIOHELPMEMARIOHELPME". Is she showing her happiness? 
Five bucks for sub two mine cart.  Fifteen more because I'm sure at least three of you didn't.
All right, you deserve it for that minecart
This is for Lack getting sub 2 minutes on the minecart. Shoutout to NeoGAF. I'm a man of my word.
mario kart
Had to get in on that minecart action. Well done, Lack! Fellow watchers, keep it coming in -  we're so close to breaking that marathon PB!
$5 for a sub-2 minute mine cart didn't seem like enough. How about $1 for each second in the final time!
Second year watching, first time donating! What a great event, thank you for putting it on every year!
Little extra for the 1:56! Awesome event all around and wish you the best of luck for the rest of your run, Lack!
me and my buddies owning up to the sub 2 min on the carts
Hey all, thank you so much for everything you do. From the staff, to the runners, to the commentators, and even the awesome audience. There has been a lot of negativity in the news and it is great to see so much POSITIVITY and goodness come together for some great causes. Oh yeah and SUB 2 HYYYYYYPE!
$5 for the sub-2, another $5 for making the 1:56!

Keep on rocking!

1.3 million HYYYYYYPE!!!
Good job Lack here's the $5 for the mine.  Plus another $5 because I love GDQ!!
Donating $5 for my girlfriend and I. Thank you LackAttack for this awesome speedrun of SMRPG and let's finish strong for Doctors Without Borders!
1:56 WOW, I'm doubling it up!! C'mon guys get those in.
SUB 2 HYPE
$5 per second under 2 minutes. Go go gadget lackattack.
Thank you for all that you do. I'm a nursing student working on lots of homework for summer school, but I stopped to donate for that fantastic mine cart time. I am not a speed runner, but I watch you guys religiously every 6 months. You all work so hard at what you do and it inspires me to work harder to be the best nurse I can be. I love you guys and hope to be there in person after I graduate this year.
I'm not sure if I'm supposed to subscribe to a channel, or whatever, but for that cart run I'm finally donating.

Also, WAAAAAHHHHHH
Sub2!  In the middle of an aram though
5 dollars storm incomming!!! also congratulations for making this year sgdq awesome! thanks for the guys behind the scenes and WAAAAAA!!!
I want to acknowledge the countless hours this community has invested to make SGDQ possible.  Thank you all!
Great job on the run so far! I'll double this donation if someone on the couch will give me their best Waluigi WAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Here's $5 x 4, which is $5 for every second under 2 minutes on the mine cart.

Also, thanks everyone for a great marathon! Can't wait for the next one.
This one's for Lack pulling off that sweet, sweet sub 2.
Minecart madness
1:56 baybee.

Woooooooo!

-Ric Flair
Watching the GDQs with my partner has become a sort of holiday I look forward to every time it comes around, and I hope it remains a part of our lives for years to come. If everyone could share in the spirit on display in these incredible events the world would be a better, happier place.
The look on my dumb husband's face at the sub two mine cart finish was so worth five bucks!
congrats on reaching 1 MILLION dollars in donations! Looking forward to watch all the reruns on YouTube. 
Great Minecart run!
That < 2 min cart deserves this.
Hey everyone, enjoying the stream so far. I wish I watched more. Anyway, keep doing what you are doing and keep being awesome! :)
For the sub 2 mine cart. However... 
WANNA DOUBLE YOUR COINS? 
Get 15 or more flowers on Booster Hill, and I'll donate another  $10. 
Here's my $ for the mine cart. Now let's see if you can beat  checker's impressive booster hill.
SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64SM64
For the sub 2 minute mine cart!
It has been amazing this past week seeing all the amazing runners. So this goes for everyone involved! keep up the great work! And good luck to Lack with his run!
Sub 2 run. Shut up and take my money
Nicely done with a sub-2 mine cart. I've watched enough of Lack's Zelda runs that I knew it was all but done before he started. Here's $10 - let's get that SM64 race! Go #TeamLack!
Five dollars? How about five for every second sub-two-minutes? Took me months of practicing those mine carts as a kid to get those times. Keep wrecking seven-year-old me, Lack.
Here's 20 for the sub 2 time! Hope I can stay up and see if we hit the 70-star race!
good job on the mine cart mini game, my quick little pepper!! keep it up -- SMRPG is what got me into RPGS when I was 9!
Long time fan of GDQs, matching for those who can't, and on another note i think i'll apply for AGDQ 2017 with my 8h any% pb on SMRPG, Lack's got nothing on me! Good job to everyone involved in this fabulous event!
What do you call medical professionals tasked with helping those addicted to collecting puppet-centric 80's sitcom memorabilia?

Doctors with ALF Hoarders.

... yeah, that was bad, I know. Here's a fiver for the sub-2:00:00 minecart. I'll see myself out.
I've watched GDQ for years, but this is my first time donating. Thanks for all the runners, staff, and commentators  do to make all of this possible and for raising so much for such a great cause. Well, the gauntlet was thrown down, and I had to accept.

sub two minute mine cart hype!
As promised, an extra donation for Lack doing the minecart section in under 2 minutes. Keep up the good work!
lost the bet. heres my money. lets get that extra run.
Miner 49er% unlocked!
Amazing final day so far, let's keep the hype going until the very end.
WALUIGI LIKES MINE CART HYPPPPPPPPE
Caleb just wreck the couch. Right now. Don't hold back. 
SUB 2 MINECART HYPE and I also REALLY want those plushies
Here's my $5 for the sub 2 min minecart run! #SMRPG
Had to donate for that amazing kart run.
Well, blast.  I said I was down for this in a comment that flew by in less than a second, so now I absolutely have to.  But I'm happy to do it.  Good luck for the rest of the run!
shoutouts to that sick mine cart race! I woulda learn how to do hot tips like that on streambig.net pieSellOut pieStreamBIG 
I can feel my wallet loosening WutFace (PS DK wants his minecarts back)
For the fantastic  mine cart run!
Gotta match the couch. $10 for sub 2. Let's beat last year!
Breaking my donation cherry. Here's $5, Lack. You deserve it!
We in there boys
LackAttack!
It's been forever since I've play SM RPG and I know I could never get NEAR 2 minutes, let alone UNDER. Take my money!
Mine Cart HYPE!
Well I said I would
have to donate for the sub 2 mine cart mini game
Solid sub two minute cart run! MWEEEEP
Way to go LackAttack! Keep bringing in the money for the Mario 64 - 4 way race.
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayuuuuuuuuuuum. Sub 1:57!
#SDGQ2016
welp take my money lacka
Here's my $5.

Pay up, chat!
CONGRATS ON SUB 2!
Thanks yall
Nice job!
Sub 2:00, HYPE.
I said I would, and now I have to. Good job Lack on that nervewracking section.
1:56 is less than 2! PogChamp
Wow that was a great minecart! :D Great job and here's my 10$ for sub 1:57!
I'm giving TEN for that masterful Mine cart run.
Thanks to everyone behind the scenes at GDQ, this was my first live GDQ and it was a blast!
Thanks for the week of entertainment, and thanks to my dad for picking up this amazing game for the family 20 years ago!
$5 for sub 2, as promised! #GenoLives
Welp, here's your 5er Lack.  GREAT JOB
5 dollar mine cart run? We can do more than that. First time donating, kill the... bowser?
Sub 2min hype!
I didn't believe; now I must pay.
You won the bet, so I threw in a little extra.  Take my money for that sub 2 min mine cart.  Thanks for running my favorite game!
Guess I need to toss this in for the sub-2 minecart!
Donating for that sub-2:00 minecart
Dat minecart though
1:56:95......i got the cojones...does anyone else? well here's 5 from me and 5 from ma wifi
Already donated more than I told myself I could afford but that sub 2 was great. Keep it up! Let's beat SGDQ2016 <3
sub 2!
Ill cover a few people that can't cover the mine cart sequence!!!  Wow... Under pressure that is awesome.
Sub-1:57? That's incredible! I was born far too late to appreciate SMRPG in its prime, but you did good. Here's a Licoln for quick minecart thinkin!
SUB 2 BABY WOOOOOOO
That's $5 times the 2 of us watching. Because...minecarts? Love what you're all doing - and why!
The mine carts horn blows but the driver certainly does not. Sub 2. Heres my $5.
Born in Africa where MSF are doing a great job, I'd have been really glad to pay more. But a bet is a bet, so take these 5$ for the mine challenge in SMRPG. Keep up the good work and HYYYYPE !
Mine Cart Hype!  In Soviet Russia, Cart Rides You!
GJ on 1:56, Lack!
pieSellout strikes once again. At least this time it's for charity. Good luck with the rest of the run Lack!
Sorry guy on the couch with all the money.  Looks like it's going to charity.

Though, I don't know what your paypal is, so it was probably going to charity anyway.  :)
$5?  How about $5 for every second under 2 minutes?
Go Lack Go, sub 2 minecart goooooo!
SMRPG HYYYYPE
Here's 10 for the sub-5 on the mine cart :3
Aw, sure, I'll give $5 for the sub-2 mine cart.
I'll do you 45 better,  50 for sub 2!
$5 dollars for a sub 2 minecart ride, but an extra $10 to get the crowd to do their loudest Waluigi 'WAA!" to keep the hype going.
Sub 2 Minute Dono
Sub 2 minute cart get
Sub 2 min minecart HYPE
Donating for that cart run, but in all seriousness, can we please get that SM64 run? HIT THAT DONATION MARK PEOPLE!
Minecart Success
Must. Go. Faster.
$5 for the sub-2, plus another 3.05--one cent for each hundredth of a second he beat it by.
Did someone Say $5? How about 50! Long time lover of GDQ, Excellent week, thank you all for your hard work, Now lets see that Super Mario 64 RACE!
Lackattack done did it. 
Sub 2:00 minecart ftw
How could I not donate for that sweet 1:56 ?
Give it up everyone!

SUB 2 MINUTE MINE CART HYPE. Let's go for the SM64 70 star race!
Got to pay up--mad kart skillz hype!
Matching the couch's amount, thanks for everything, not only with this event, but for every previous event and bringing us all together, all with a common goal
Respect for that sub 2 minecart race!
I didnt know I was watching Mario Kart!
Sub 2 PogChamp
TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!
 my 5 $ 
Glad I can get cozy to this SMRPG run,  glad to support MSF and everything they do 
Here's my $5.

#igot5onit #wahhh
For making the SMRPG minecart run in time
Sub-2 minecart hype!
You did, You the MVP. Super Mario RPG Tokyo Drift Edition.

Love the run and glad it's finishing on one of my favorite games of all time. Keep it up!
For lack, and sub 2 run! 

HYPE! 
Here's to lackattack getting sub 2 in the mine cart race. That was awesome and I'm so glad he got it. 
Putting the last $25 I have to donate this week to the min bets in SMRPG, my all time favorite game! Great run so far Lack - Keep it up!
For the mine cart thing!
1.56 hype cirLove
You won! Thanks to all the GDQ staff, helpers, sponsors and runners for another amazing event.
Congrats Lack for the sub 2!
5 for the minecart and 20 for everything else!
Donated for that sub two min minecart run. Great job!
for sub 2 minecart
Great SGDQ this year, hope to get to see the super mario run. Keep it up 
Hi there SGDQ! 
Giving 15$ because it was under 1m57!
Good job on that Mining cart run and good luck with the rest of the run! 100 jump hype!
20x the monies for that bet. Amazing runs all week~!
$10 for that Sub-2:00 mine cart run!
I just had to since I watch this too much to not donate and that mine cart mini game was amazing!
Last donation of the run, here's a little extra to cover some of those watchers who can't afford any more. So happy to have caught this event, and I can't wait until the next run!
Five? Why not ten?
:D
Sub 2 minecart! Wah!
Sub 2:00 Hype!
#takemymoney
we are not worthy of the mine cart!!!
Here's my $10 for the sub 2
Sub 2 min mine cart.
For that sub 2min mine car!
Lost a bet to Lackattack ;)
For the minecart run. 1:56 HYPE!
I've got the Old West cajones to match the couch.
1:56? Fantastic time. Great job!
Lack is the man!
I'll match the $10. Good job on that mine cart, LackAttack.
for the mine cart sub 2. Glad to finally donate to a good cause, keep it up! P.S. everyone at facepunch was hype for that metroid run.
Aww yiss sub 2 mine cart!
one penny for every second of that awesome mine cart ride! 1:56.9 hype!
Sub 2 cart!
I committed! 1:59.95
Congrats on the sub-2 mine cart!
Why is donating money so much fun? This is not normal, people, look what SGDQ does to me!
Sub 2:00 minecart
Paying the Lack Piper for the minecart Sub 2 minute completion.
5 dollars for the sub 2 minute minecart! Just like I was told
Holding up my end of the bargain. I hope the rest of twitch chat does the same!
Seems fair for a sub 2 minute minecart run!
As promised, this is for the minecart. Glad to donate and excited to see us pass what we made during SGDQ 2016.
$$$$
lackThisIsIt
Good Job. Here you go!!!
For the sub 2 minute minecart minigame!
Nice job!  Here's $5 from both me and my husband.  Great way to close out SGDQ!
I'm a man of my word. Kill the animals.
for the minecart minigame!
Awww yeah dat sub 2
Good job as promised 15.00 dollars loved this stream since I followed on Youtube keep it up
Pie be hustling the audience again. But I am a man of my word, and here's my 5 dollars
First time watching a GDQ and loved every minute, never done any speedrunning before but considering it now!
Sub 2:00 minecart
I HAVE THE CAJONES!!!
smrpg minecart mini-game
I can't believe you did it Lack. Congratulations to everyone that helps do what they do at AGDQ, I love watching. Second time donating in one marathon.  Stop taking my money! Kidding, it's all worth it.  

Thanks for being so awesome everyone!
Sub 2 WAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH
Challenge accepted. 
For mine cart bet for my GF and I.
I threw down.
dat 1:56 doe
Always gotta give it up for smrpg! Sick minecart skillz
Putting in my part
Always feels good to be part of something incredible! final stretch hype
this is for that hype mine cart fun
Paying up to that minecart madness. I threw up 3 times watching it. Shout outs to Pie, we were in freshmen math class together
putting my 5 down. and will cover 3 more people as well for that sub 2 cart run. Keep it up. lets hit that stretch goal. PieSmug
1:56 bay beee
Fer them leet mine cart skillz
sub 2:00. good job.
LACK GOT THAT SUB-2 SHOUTOUTS TO THE HULA GANG
Well, that was sub 2 alright!
Let's see those donations roll in!
WELL! I already donated a total of $100, but here's the $5 for Lack's sub 2 mine cart. GG dude!
Minecart pro
Great sub 2!
Watched for years, first time donating.  Thank you for running SMRPG-- my favourite RPG ever!  Great sub-2 minecart.  From Canada with love.
Sub 2 minute HYPE!
1:56!
1 for each second under 2min! Lets get that SM64!
I had to pay up :)
Minecarts!
I thought I was done donating, but how could I resist paying up for that clutch minecar minigame? SGDQ Record HYPE! WAH!
Been watching this for years. Sub two hype! Yeah, yeah! 
Nice sub 2 mine cart!
Mine cart madness! $5 from me, my boyfriend, and my dog.
Only $5? That amazing minecart run was worth at least 10 times that!
for the sub 2 min mine cart
MIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNEEEEE TRRRRRRAAAAAAIIIIIINNNNN
rockin that mine cart
Well, a deal is a deal. Congrats on sub 1:57!
$10 for that sub-2 minecart.
In it for the sub-2 minecart! Well done lack! Love this game, have been waiting for this the entire marathon! SM64 70 stars run HYPE! 
SMRPG mine cart run promise met! 
Great job  on the minigame. I think my heart was racing a bit for you :p
minecart
My third donation, all because Lack just nailed that mine cart ride.
sub 2 hype
Thanks for all the hard work put into this wonderful marathon!
Here's your five bucks, Lack.
GG for the sub 2min!
MINECART
$10 for sub 2 min mine cart run. Way to go Lack!
Dat Minecart Run, tho.
Sub 2 minecart!  My previous donation was supposed to be my last but just had to donate a bit more.
In honour of the minecart sub-2
Sub 2:00 Minecart, I'm in for that. 
I'm a man of my word. Lackattack HYPE
#teamlack 
Let's get that record
1:56 hype!
5 something sub 2 something I think this includes all the right numbers.
Well, I finally have a bit of money this year and it was worth it to see the sub 2 minute mine cart and throwing more money at this amazing cause.
I'm a man of my word, have an extra $5
i guess i have too donate again after that ;<
Matching the donation for sub-2 minecart!
I'm in for that bet.  Sub 2:00!
Shut up and take my money! 
nice sub 2!
paying up. sub 2:00 hype
SMRPG sub 2min Minecart HYPE! Way2Go LackAttack!
Fine here ya go :P
For the mine cart...
Minecart
$5 for each second under 2 minutes!
Sub 2 cart run. Dope
2 minute mine cart
I don't remember agreeing to this bet exactly, yet here I am paying up. Power of charity, I guess.
He made it under 2 minutes!
Nice sub 2 let's go #teamlack
Well he got it, cant believe I haven't donated till now. Here is 50 dollars for that sub 2 mine cart. Keep it up
$25 for that great mine cart run. Keep it up Lack and let's get that bonus run!
take my money for the sub 2minutes minecart run. all i want for christmas is super mario 64. run fast!
For the godlike minecart
Heres for that sick minecart minigame.
Good shit Lack.
As promise. 
Welp, here you go
Five bucks, multiplied by every second under two minutes. Let's-a go! 1.25 million!~
Time to finish off with a Gold Star. LackAttack, take us home with Super Mario RPG.

Thank you everyone who helped with SGDQ in making another awesome and charitable marathon!!
Here's $10 plus one dollar for each second under 2 minutes.
Dat kart run!
Awesome job on those Mario Kart skillz.
PAYING UP! 
For an amazing run. Thanks for the cart skillz!
well in there for the 1:56....!
Nice 10:56 minecart... wait, typo, whoops.
fast carts tho
For getting a sub 2 on the mine cart mini-game 
Sub2sub2sub2
Sub 2 hype!
You all do a wonderful job. Thank you.
4x 5 dollars for finishing 4 seconds under time.
FOR MINE CART MATCH DONATION SUB 2 MINS
Well, i had a personal bet for 100 $ so...yea. 100$ for sub 2
Because I had the cojones for the sub 2 cart.
Sub-2 OhMyDog
Sub 2 minutes - I'm a man if my word. Also, WAAHH
I said I would donate before, so here is my money. Thanks to everyone for another great marathon!
Feelssub2minutesman
5555555555
sub 2
Paying up
I want to hold Princess Peach's hand.
Sub 2 minecart! I believe
To the tune.... MONEY MONEY MONEY MOOOOONEY!
Sub 2 minecart
I hated the minecart mini-game, you made it look like winning tic-tac-toe against an infant! Great run Lack.
Let's call it late donation to Pepsiman.
Under 2 min minecart hype!
From me and my wife. Thanks for the most enjoyable week!
Just take my money pls 
Putting that money where the mouth is!
Sub 2 minute mine cart ftw
FeelsGoodMan
LackAttack with the 1:56
Something about mine carts. I can't count, so here's an extra 0. 

Good night and I love you guys!
Yep.
Paying up for mine cart!
Well done on the minecarts, here's $5 for every second under 2 minutes.
Donation for the sub-2 run (+1 to even things out)
Sub 2 Mine car ride. That was AWESOME!
For sub 2 min cart run
Sub 2 minecart; great job!
WAY TO GO, SUB 2!
Best childhood game next to Zelda
Sub 2min SM RPG Mine Kart. GG 
super mario rpg sub 2 minutes cart run- just take my money :c
Lack got sub 2, I can afford another 5. Here it is!
Minecart%
Well done lack
Lack hit the sub 2 min, I'll match the couch. Great run.
Five for that sub 2!
Sub-2 mine cart!
Sub 2 min minecart hype!
Well, I thought I'd made my last donation of the marathon, but how could I say no? Here's my five dollars.
Best mario kart run yet. Thought this was an RPG 
Alright, you win. Here's 5 bucks for the sub-2 minecart
Woo! Sub 2 Minecart HYPE #TeamLack
For the Sub 2 Minecart.  
Nice.
For the minecart game.
Just had to donate more....still mad about the file name...
How about everyone donates $1 for every time Lack honked the horn?
Masterful minecart!
Paying up as promised.  Well done Lack, can't wait to see you take back the World Record!
Sick mine cart, bro.
sub 2 minecart hype!
well the sub 2. Rip 5 dollars
ARRG HERE TAKE MY MINECART MONEY
For the sub 2 minecart!
Nice minecart run Lack, time for me to donate!
Gratskis on sub 2.
For the minecart!
Slammer down, rabbit ears!  GG Lack on the 1:56.95 :D
I'll honor the minecart run and then some.  Here's to beating the total by the end.
I'm a man of my word
Sub 2 minecart hype!
finnnneeee
Sub-2 minecart for myself, my wife, and our 2 cats.
As per request here is MAH MUNIEZ. Good Luck on the run Lackattack!
For the sub 2 mine cart
That minecart!
$5 for Lack attack getting sub 2 mins.  $20 because the whole marathon was amazing.  This was my first GDQ I was able to watch live and already my 2nd time donating.  Lets get the Super Mario 64!! Ill see you at AGDQ!
Sub 2 minutes too goo. Put in a little more for all of the hype and entertainment I have been given all week. See you all in 6 months!
Well, he did it - 1:56. Good stuff!
For that awesome mini game!
SUB TWOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
ok $5 for sub 2....this is it
sub-2 minecart #ThisIsIt
Going to 25 for that sub 1:57!
As promised, that was a pretty great minecart run! Keep the bets coming in, we have to get that SM64 run in!
Paying out for the Mine Cart!
Putting down my $10 for that sub 2 Mine Cart.
Satur-meow-day~! :3
I don't know why I thought I could win that minecart bet, but take my money.
For the sub-two!
Heres my 5 bucks for that sub 2 mine cart mini game. Well done. 
Congrats to lackattack for his sub 2:00 mine cart run!
Challenge Accepted.  Grats on 1:56 mine cart!
Sub 2 minecart hype!
For that amazing mine cart tech. Is this Mario RPG or Donkey Kong Country?
i was told to
i had to :(
Mine Cart HYPE
Damn minecart.
Sub 2 min mine cart HYPE!
Because 1.56, why not? Dirigible!
First time donating, but have watched both AGDQ and SDGQ the past 3 years. Great cause, great runs. Hype for a great RPG, though FFVI is still better! 
Sub 2 mine cart HYPE.
Paying up for the minecart
donating for the sub 2 I haven't donated this year and watched the whole time so why not. shoutouts to team peggle
Well played, Lackattack.
A deal's a deal's. Losers...
$5.00 for sub 2 min mine cart!
That was a solid  mine cart. Now let's get over that record!
WAAAAAAAAAAH!
Now I'll have to eat a PBJ tomorrow for lunch.
Nice Sub 2:00 min
Sub 2 hype
For Sub-2 minutes !

#HYPE !!
Sub 2.
Sub 2 mine car mini game. 
To Lack's sub 2 min
Great job on the time. Love watching AGDQ and SGDQ when I can catch them. Keep up the great work guys!
$5 sub-2 minute minecart
Sub-2 Minecart Hype!
TAKE MY MONEY
Nice job on the carts!
Sub 2-minute minecart HYPE!!!!
SUB 2 WOOOOOOO
Minecart payout
SUB 2 HYPE!
Sub-2 mine cart!
Much love for my first SGDQ, keep it up!
A ten spot for the sub-2:00 minecart!
cajones? got those
Take my money!
Well... Shi...
I'll match it!
dat cart
Speed up and take my money!
1:56 PogChamp
Here's my $5 for sub 2 minecart!
For that sub-2:00:00 minecart
I told Twitch Chat I would do it
whelp
those tight turns doe
SUB 2 MINE CART HYPE
Awesome 1:56 minecart run in SMRPG!
Didn't know that minecart race was a thing, but I'm game
time to pay up, nice sub 2m
SUB 2 MINUTE WHATEVER!! WOO!
Well I WAS going to spend this money on food but LackAttack's minecart skills won me over! 
I see your $5 and I raise you $45 more.
Challenge accepted, challenge complete. Here's my donation. Mine cart HYPE!!
Great race, lack!
LACK ROCKIN THE 1.56!
Mine cart hype! Sick city.
SUB 2 CART!!!
For that sub 2. Also Hi to Sky.
Here's for the sub2 minecart!
Behold, the Best Game! <3
Nice work on that sub-2 run!
Sub 2!
Sub 2
Dat Mine cart tho
honk honk!
Lackattack did it, so here's my 10 dollars!
Fine, Lack, take my money! 1.2 MILLION HYPE!
5 bucks for sub 2 minecart as promised~
Sub 2 HYPE PogChamp
Sub-2 min minecart!
Good job lqack
SUB 2 Kreygasm
1:56, crazy bastard!
KOHONEAS!
Good Job On The Sub 2.
he got it so i gotta pay up.
Nice mine cart run, nerds
You said fifty dollars for beating 2 minutes on the mine cart, right? Great work!
Fantastic mine cart run!
Lack did it!
Sub 2 hype
I put my money where other people's mouths are? Maybe not a good idea…
Minecart!
sub 2 mine cart. Had to.
MINECARTTTT SUB 2 HOOYYYPPP
MineCart sub 2 hype
Sub 2!
Great minecar race!
SMRPG sub-2min minecart
I have the cojones.
1:56 bby
hyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyype
Good job, Lackattack!
good job on that sub 2 lack
Paying up for the minecart. 
1:56 hypee
It was 50 if he got under 2 minutes on the mine cart right?
Sub 2.00 Hype
I'll match that $10
1.56!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lack OP.
Nice mine cart m8 I r8 8/8
ez minecart
skeleton shack is a bunch of nerds
For the sub 2 minecart!
SUB-2 MINECART HYYYYPE!
LET'S GO, LACK, KEEP IT UP!
As promised
Sub 2 Hype
DOOT DOOT
MINECART!!
What a mine cart run!  Kick this run's butt
Sub 2:00 Hype!
Sub 2? Ok, here are my 5 dollars.
For the sub 2
Double or Nothing?
for < 2 mins mario rpg
As you asked.
I have the cahonies
For the sub two railcart run. 
1:56 HYPE!
1:56
Sub-2!!
Payin' up for that minecart.  Let's smash last year's SGDQ total!
I lack skill Lack lacks nothing!
Good job Lack, hyyyyyyppppeeeee
for the sub 5 min minecarts, good job!
sub 2! <3 u pie!
Awesome mine cart run! Take my $5.00!
Congrats on the sub 2:00 minecart!
TIME TO PONY UP! SICK MINE CART MINI-GAME!
Sub 2:00 minigame, am I doing this right?
SUB 2 HYPE FOR LACK
Minecart hype!
He gots it, paying up
sub-2minute minecart hype
Letsa go!
I got los Cajones. Here is my $5
Nice minecart run!
HYPE!
I'm a man of my word, here 20$ for the HYPE.
$5 for sub 2 minutes!
SUB 2 HYPE
Donating because Pie told me to.
Good luck on the run!
$5 for sub 2 cart ride? Here's $5 for each second below two minutes.
Sub 2!
1;56 GRATS
Minecart hype!
MINECART MADNESS!
LACK DID IT
I didn't know this game was also Donkey Kong Country's Mine Cart Level
Nice minecart.
I'm glad Lackattack is better at driving than I am at placing decimal points!
He got the cart!
Throwin' down like the boys in the couch, that was gooood game!!
Minecart hype
Paying up!
here's my five dollars
dang
sub 2min minecart hype!
nice work lackattack
Donating for the sub 2:00 minecart!
Here we go.  Time to pay the piper.
Here is my 5 for the sick mine run!
Lackattack earned it.
Happened to be just in time to see the minecart race!
1:56 hype!
$5 + clear time, great job!
You got it, nice mine cart!
Here's $5. what for? SMRPG MINECART HYPE!
Awesome year of SGDQ!!!  HYPE!!!
NICE MINECART!
Love that moleville theme
SUB 2 HYPE
#teamlack, matching that $10.00 for that mine kart time.
Take my money
Loving the run so far.
Awesome job on the railcart!
Sub 2 Hype!
Paying up because he got a sub2 mine cart
Gotta get the donation in for that sub 2 cart run
PAYING UP WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
5 bucks for the sub 2 mine cart race.
SUB 2 MINUTE HYPE
This is for the Mario Mine Kart. Not enough drifting.
1:56 HYPE
Nice work Sky, as always. Here's $20 for Lack's sub-2 minecart! :)
Minecart
Donating for the minecart sub 2 minutes, that was incredible!
Sub 2 minecart, take my money!!!!!
Wallet open, sub 2 HYPE
Minecart HYPE!
1'56.95"
Go Lack. hi snacky
MINECART HYPE
RIGGED
As agreed.
sub 2 mintes SMRPG!
Deal is a deal well done :D 
Minecart minigame
#MineCartMadness
1:56:95 minecart holy guacaMOLE huhuhuhu
sub 2
gotta pay up!
My mouth, here it is
5$ Why not 25$ for that sub 2 minute minecart run.
Welp. I'm here to pay up 
for the mine cart sub 2.
Ten dollars, plus four for a 1:56 cart, four under 2:00! That's at least four MWEEPs!
well dang. can't argue with a sub 2 minecart. here's my portion of the $5 incentive and then some. great work everybody. you are all doing such amazing work. with love from Philly. 1 million HYPE
First ever donation, donating for me and my boyfriend, who LOVES SMRPG! :D Here's to the amazing SGDQ team, and announcers. <3 Can't wait for another year. 
Sub 2:00 Mine Cart
Fair is fair! I'm in for 5 bucks for that sub-2 minecart!
For the minecart
Well, I'm out.
Ayy sub 2.00 hype
MIne cart Mini game lets go BOIII KIll the animals save the frames and all that good stuff
Because you tile be toooo!!
(Pronounced WOOL-fay)

Loved the runs (at least the ones I could catch), and will love watching the saved videos while training for Monster Hunter Cross. Can't wait for AGDQ 2017!
Mine cart ride!
LackAttack sub 2:00 minecart ride
Great job Lackattack

Thank you so much GDQ for the amazing streams year after year
Shut up and take my money.
Paid up!
he did it
Sub 2 mins!
WHAT'S YOUR FAVOURITE CHEESE? MINE'S PEPPERJACK
For that sub 2 HYYYYYYYPE!!!
Good Job Fam!
$10 FOR SUB-2
HONK
Mine cart challenge accepted
Lackattack damn you for draining my funds!
Minecart.
sub 2 minecart
I'm in, 10 bucks for that cart game! Cmon everyone, open those wallets!
Here's an extra $1.56 for the 1:56. Great job guys!
I said i would he he was under 2 so here.
GODDAMNIT
The minecart made me do it
Donating $10 for the sub-2 minecart. Come on guys let's get that Super Mario 64 race!
Sub 2 hype
MINECART HYPE
SUB 2
For the sub 2 mine cart run
sub 2 minute minecart
1:56.95 on mine cart!
For Sub-2 minecart
First time donating, doing it for lackattack for doing sub 2. On the mini cart mini game.
streambig.net
For the Super Mario RPG sub 2:00 RUN
sub 1:56 hype!
Minecart sub 2 minutes!
For the sub 2:00 minecart!
Sub 2 mini game. I put my money where stream tells me to. 
Sub 2!
Kudos on that sub 2!
What everyone Else is saying.
1:56
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
i hate that minecart mini game so muc
The pact is sealed, your unholy reward is given form. 
He done did it!
Sub 2!
Minecart
Sub 2 BAYBEE
Awesome 1:56 minecart run! Go Lack!
MINECART HYPE
Nicely done Lack, great job on that 1:56
For the minecart
Sub 2:00 mine cart!!
Well, have to match it!
LACK FTW!!!!!!
sub 2 hype
Time to pay up.
Nice mine cart Lack!
Here's my $10 for that beautiful Mode 7 minecart ride.
Nice minecart run!!
Sub-2 minutes HYPE!
Had to donate for the sub 2:00! Thanks for the awesome event!
This is for Lack's amazing sub-2 minecart run! Love SGDQ and everybody involved. Let's get that SM64 race!
sub 2 minute hype
MINECART MADNESS
sub 2:00 hype!
here take double, youre the best Lack!!
sub 2 min min race PogChamp
Sub 2 Mine Cart HYYYPE!
SUB 2 HYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPE!!!!!!!
Sub 2!
LACK IS MY HERO!!!!
Sub 2 hype!
Sub 2 minute mine cart, hype!!!
DAT MINECART THO
Thought I was done donating, but I decided to step up and take the Team Lack challenge. Congrats on a sub 2 minute minecart!
5th GDQ in a row donating. That sub 2 minute mine cart though. Take my $10!
Oh my god with the horn. Seriously.
I did not realize it was POSSIBLE to finish the Minecart game that fast
1:56
FeelsWalletMan
That cart run was amazing
NICE
Sub 2 Minecart HYPE
Please take my courage, and my money
I suppose that was impressive; here's my $5.00
THIS IS IT.
5 for a sub 2:00 Mins mine cart run! G G.  
doing it for that sub 2 minecart
Well, he did it!
So pro! You get 5 times 10!

Thanks for all of your hard work!
Sub 2 HYPE!
CONGRATS ON THE SUB 2 MINE CART MINIGAME!
1st donation. I mean they told us. So I did it. 
First time donator long time watcher. Way to go Lackattack
There have been so many great things at this SGDQ that I couldn't decide what to donate for. All I know is that I need to throw my money towards this great cause, so why not for the sub 2-minute cart ride?

Can I get a WAH for this amazing run and event?
sub 2 baby
Dat sub-2 mine cart challenge tho.
for Sub 2 mins <3 <3 <3
'grats on the sub 2 breh.
For Sub @ minecart!
He did it. Paying up.
Sub 2 mine cart hype!
Good job
THIS IS IT REGISTERED TRADEMARK
Minecart sub 2 min hype!
PAYING UP
WAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
sub 2
Man of my word
Minecart PogChamp
For the MINECART!
Sub 2 minecart hype!
MINE CART
NICE MINCART
welp
Five dollars for that 1:56! Great stuff.
Matching the minecart!
MINE CART MINE
sub 2:00 mini-cart game!
well done!
Mine cart hype
SUB 2:00  Here's my $5.
Fine you win
Sub 2 Hype!
An extra 5 because that mini-game is so hard.
Nice work on the 1:56
Well, as proposed.
No comment.
This is for that sub 2 min minecart run. HYPE
Sub 2 hype!!!!!!!
HONKED THAT HORN for less than 2 minutes!  I belieeeeeve, kupo!
2 minute hype
Here's 5 bucks
Sub two minute Mario RPG kart hype!
$5 for the awesome 1:56:95 minecart run!
2 min minecart
SMRPG MineCart Run BOYEEEEE
Earned
SUB 2 HYPE
got em
Sub two!
SUB 2:00!!!
DAT MINE CART
Amazing job LackAttack on the sub 2:00 minecart mini-game!  
SUB 2:00 HYPE!!!!!
Nice minecart!
Heard the challenge, gotta step up. Great work LackAttack24
Minecart
SUB TWO BABYYYYY
I am really, really, really bad at the cart ride... 1:56 !!! 
clap clap
lack rides the rail like he rails your mother 
#layingthetrack
Gotta go fast!
Yo good luck Lack! There's the 5 for sub 2 minecart, I'll give ya more for sub 10 Sky Troopas!!! 1 5 6!!!!!!!!!!
Donating to a great cause, and a sub 2 min minecart
sub 2 hype
Yahoo, sub 2 minute hype!!!
You win.
SUB 2  MINECART GET
Yep.
Had to do it for sub 2 minutes on the mine cart
Sub 2! You're my hero Lack!
I wanted to  join the sub 2 minecart minigame challenge, but I couldn't help but go for that Mallow plush, so I guess you're getting $20 instead!
Sub 2 hyyyype.!!! 
Sub Two
Sub 2 hype
CAJONES (and doubling up for someone who chickened out)
Lack got a sub 2 on the mine cart game, so as promised, here's my 5 dollars. SGDQ has been incredible. Thanks to everyone for the great event.
sub 2
I am a man of my word. Sub 2 minute HYPE!!
Sub ten mine cart Hype!
For the Sub 2 minutes
PogChamp // 
SUB TWO MINECART MINIGAME! Another 10 if everyone gets HYPED for Mario 64!
Sub-2 mine cart!
Donating as commanded! #thisIsIt
Throwing in for that sub-2:00 minecart segment!
Congrats on the sub-2 minute mine cart minigame!
For an Excellent Sub 2 Mine run. $1.2 Million HYPE!!!!
I have the cajones.
Mine cart mini-game 
Nailed that sub-2 so here y'all go. Thanks again for this amazing event!
Long-time watcher, first time donator. SMRPG is one of my favorite RPGs!

Go go  sub-2min minecart!
Hey guys! This has been such a wonderful event! I want to give mad props to everyone involved including the runners, technicians, sponsors and other donators for all of their efforts in coming together for such a great cause. You guys are all amazing, and here, take my power! Good luck to Lackattack24 and the rest of the runners, and let's get that bonus Mario 64 game! This just in, put $5 of that towards a sub 2 minute mine cart ride! Can I get a SUPER HYYYYYYYYPEEEEE!! 
Congrats on sub 2!
SMRPG is the first RPG I completed as a child, good luck on your run Lack. Here's to getting that SM64 race incentive!
Five dollars for Lack's sub 2 minecart run, and five dollars because dog adventure 2016
MINE CART HYPE
You did it, buddy. You did it.

We believed, and you came through for us.

GG.
How about dat sub 2?
Sub-2:00 minecart minigame!
For a sub 2:00 minecart run. Awesome job!
For the sub 2 minute minecart minigame. LOVE SMRPG.
Time to pay the piper. He earned this.
Mine cart hype!
It happened, so I have to keep my promise.
Sub 2 min hype
Heres our share for the minecart minigame
Good job with the minecart

greetings from Puerto Rico
I just want to say that The Thousand Year Door is the best Mario RPG
here's to a sub 2 minute run and a sick SGDQ
I'm a man of my words. 
Because I said I would
Well he did it
Nice work on sub 2:00 !  Here's my $5.00 :)
For the under 2 minute minigame
GG Lack on that sub 2 minecart, to the charity goes my $5
Under 2 minutes, nice job, here are my 5 cojones for you.
GG
It's great to see passion for games doing good in the world.  GDQs are wonderful things.  Shoutouts to my triplet brothers, who I know are watching from other cities.
Sub 2 HYPE!!
Super Mario RPG is the game my parents bribed me with to move to a different country when I was 9 years old. I clearly won, those dummies.
5 for the sub 2 mine cart GO LACKATTACK 
for the sub 2.00 minecart lets go smr and lackattack
THIS IS IT
For the sub 2 minute minecart for me and 2 others.
Great job on the minigame!
Sub 2 SMRPG Minecart HYPE!!
I'll throw down $10, sub-2:00 hype.

Been watching today since the TAS block, good times.  Let's-a-go and finish the marathon with some SM64 70-star racing.
What a wonderful week of speedruns. I almost don't want the Super Mario RPG run to end. Thank you to SGDQ and all of its contributors.
He just diddly darn did it. 
lack. Get this sub 2
Ride that cart, Mario. Show DK how it's done!
Sub 2 Min Train HYPE
Sub 2 hype from me and my brother
TAKE MY MONEY!
Hi, SGDQ!  First time donator but I've watched archives of older events. I wanted to get this donation in before SGDQ ends. I wish the clean language of GDQ applied to the speedrunners' streams so I'd keep watching them, but these events have good speedruns. Good luck to the current speedrunner and first donation hype!
Because I have faith he'll do it
Here's to the sub 2 cart run, great job Lack!
I'm donating another 5 bucks whether or not he gets sub 2 minecart
First time donation have to donate for my favorite game of all time. Thanks for a great week of speed runs i always look forward to these. 
HONK
SUB 2 HYPE!!!!!!
Sub 2 baby
Sub 2min cart
Sub 2 Mine Cart run!
For the minecart
HOIPE
SUBBBBBBBBBBBB TWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Tha sub two minecart do
Throw. Down.
Love intermittently catching these GDQ marathons when they're on. Glad I made it home from work early enough tonight to catch the Mario RPG speedrun. The best Final Fantasy. Here's to a great cause.
Minecart minigame hype!!!!
Congrats on another great SGDQ. Here's to hoping for the 70-star race!
Welp here it is
Minecart Minigaaaame
sub 2!!!!
First 5$, if he pulls it off Ill do 10$
SUB 2 HYPE~
Sub-2 Minecarty
I'll double the match for the sub two, even before it's done!
sub 2:00 minigame
1.2 hype
So glad to see Super Mario RPG close out yet another wonderful GDQ event. This game was my first RPG and I have so many wonderful memories of playing it in my youth. Getting 100 Super Jumps for the first time was euphoric. Thank you to all the runners, the staff, and all the donors for everything you've done.
Yo! Likin' the SMRPG run, and I figured I'd donate. Haven't watched much of the stream, but I've watched the archived videos on Youtube, and I have to say I've been enjoying it. Shoutout to my pal Stevo who got me to donate in the first place. Either way though, thanks for the fun time so far!
If everyone in Twitch chat would donate just 5 dollars, we'd demolish last years record. Let's go for it!
Hey Guys! Thank you for playing  one of my favorite childhood games! I can't believe that so much money has been raised in such a short time, and I'm glad to contribute. First time Donation, so have fun with this! 
"That cake was so delicious." - Booster.  Great to see one of my favorite games from my teen years get run by Lack.  Good luck and have fun on Booster Hill.
Thank you for an amazing SGDQ!
So happy to finally see this run on the stream, ALL ABOARD #teamLack! Looking forward to enjoying this run and making it out to AGDQ next year to meet the SMRPG and LoZ crew. May the Freebies be with you, and you get 15 flowers on the hill. GL on the run Lack from Kao and I!
Great SGDQ this year! Ending the event with the best game in the world. Best of luck!
No comment.
Congrats on reaching the 1 million milestone. This is my first time tuning into Games Done Quick and I have enjoyed every minute I've watch. To all the gamers, announcers, and everyone behind the scenes you all rock! 
Mario RPG is the best RPG. Also, huge shoutout to Yoko Shimomura, the composer of the music in this game. 
Sad to have missed the Final Fantasy VI run, but glad to see one of my favorite SNES games being run for the finale. Forget Smithy, down with Culex!
This is it! #TeamLack #AlwaysLucky Have fun on the rest of the run, Lack! - question for Pie - how much do we have to donate for a low-level bonus stream? 
 Warms my heart to see yet another great SGDQ.

Thanks for the many broken games through the (i am glad to say) years.
Well, we're done with the incentives, so I guess this goes towards Doctors Without Borders!
Doctors Without Boarders is a great organization, and Games Done Quick is a great event. Keep up the good work everyone.
Thanks for a week of entertainment, and here's to my favorite game, Super Mario RPG, and to Doctors Without Borders
When I'm not trolling some of my favorite speed runners, I'm donating throughout SGDQ. Here is my last 20 dollar donation going to 200 dollars for Doctors Without Borders. Shout out to Caleb, oatsngoats and Big jon who couldn't be there due to getting sick last minute! Hopefully I can make it next year and bust some chops and beat some kids at In The Groove FACE TO FACE!
Unfortunately I wasn't able to watch very much this week because of my work schedule, but congratulations to everyone involved in SGDQ for doing what they do and congratulations on raising 1.1 million dollars! Let's see if we can reach 1.2 million by the end of the night! Glad to see the marathon finishing off with Super Mario RPG, one of my favorite childhood games. Those Geno and Mallow plushies look fantastic, too!
Is this where I donate for a Geno standalone game?
Here's 50 bucks for the awesome event, and an awesome cause. That Super Metroid race was pretty hype. now Let's get cracking on that Mario 64 incentive.

Also WAAA.


I don't have very much to donate this year but I'll always scrounge up some change for one of my favorite weeks of the year! Thanks to everyone involved for consistently putting on a great show twice a year for an even greater cause.
GDQs always make some of the greatest weeks of my year - between the crazy runs and the causes we're raising for, I try to watch every second I can. Throwing in my last donation of the week to get us towards that SM64 race, to keep us going just a little bit longer.
1.2 Million hype!
It is almost over need to throw in a donation. WAH!

Good job to everyone involved.  Great when the gaming community unites for such a great cause.
Can't find a better way to spend late Saturday night than watching Lack run SMRPG on SGDQ! Proud to be a member of #TeamLack!
Nerd power at its finest right here, over $1million raised through playing video games fast. I will gladly hand over my money to this cause.
Long time watcher, first time donator. Wish I could give more but I'm a lowly graduate student. Keep up the good work speed running my favorite RPG of all time! It took me weeks to beat this game as a kid.
It's an honor to watch Lack wreck this game and it's great to see CalebHart42 on TV. Awesome week. Thanks, y'all.
Long time viewer, first time donator! We need to make the mario speedrun a thing! Thank you so much for this amazing cause! ive stayed up for may hours this last week and i wouldnt have it any other day!
Just a reminder, if only half of the people watching right now donated just 5 dollars, we can get Super Mario 64 by a landslide.  Every dollar counts!
Watching SGDQ with my boyfriend pulled me out of a very dark place last summer after the death of a close friend.  Seeing so many people come together for a great cause while watching amazing runs is so inspiring! Keep up all the great work! 
Hello everyone I am currently sitting in the audience trying to help get that extra run... WE CAN DO IT. 
I decided to donate for the last run. Good luck :D
I wanted to donate all throughout the run, but I only have money to donate once and it has to be during my favorite game I've ever played. We used to have Super Mario RPG when I was a kid, but we traded our Super Nintendo for a Nintendo 64 with Super Mario 64. These two games hold a special place in my heart and I hope we get to see the 70 star race!

This SGDQ has been amazing with all the great runs of Jak and Daxter, PEPSIMAAAAAAAN, the Super Metroid race and so much more that if I tried to fit it in this list it'd be way too long. Thanks for making this SGDQ so amazing this year!
Great stuff! 
Shoutouts to all my SMRPG buds rolling exceptionally deep! Best of luck Lack! This is it. #TeamLack
Time for the best RPG of all time!  Shout outs to Sky on the mic, Millnium and Countdown on the couch, and Lack in the hot seat!  It was awesome meeting you guys in person and getting to race with you for my first GDQ ever, but not my last!  #TeamLack HYPE!!!
Last day, last run, might as well donate. I didn't donate last year because of PayPal problems (when are other payment methods going to be included?),  but I have no excuses now. Thanks for being awesome and providing so much entertainment.
What a fantastic GDQ! And what a way to end it all, with one of my childhood favorites: Super Mario RPG. Good luck on the rest of the run, LackAttack. Great job  this year to everyone at SGDQ 2016: the runners, the commentators, the announcers, the audience and those behind the scenes keeping things going strong all week long. Good job, give yourselves all a pat on the back and a round of applause!
I thought  I was good with SGDQ donations back during the Mario Maker Madness Hour, but then I noticed the Mario RPG plushies and the Super Metroid race...happened. So here's 15 buckeroos. Let's get that Mario 64 race! WAAAAAAA!
Hi everyone. I'm at work right now and am loving the run. It's been a great marathon and I look forward to next year.  Wreck Smithy for great justice!
Super Mario RPG my favorite game! Heres 25 dollars and my next donation will be 1 dollar for every freebie item we get. Good luck lackattack!
I can completely amazed at the fact that we've almost raised $200,000 in only a few hours. We're definitely breaking that record.

SUPER MARIO 64 HYPE!
Super Mario RPG is awesome!  Let's break the record!
Shout out to cable-kip you made me do this

loved super mario rpg last year. its a shame i wont be able to watch the whole run. 
Super Mario 64 race we all need it WOOO WOOO
Looked over my tips I've gathered this past half year and turns out I donated about $40 under what I got, so I figured I'd round off this SGDQ with another quick donation. Sad to say I missed a lot due to work, but the little I did catch was great as always. 
I've been watching GDQ sine AGDQ 2013, but have never been in the position where I felt I could afford to donate. 

These events are something I look forward to in my life, and you running and participating in GDQ should feel proud at what you have accomplished with this organization.
FREEBIE!
Better late than never.
70 star HYPE!
Had to donate during Super Mario RPG, my favorite game, my first RPG, and the runaway best Final Fantasy. Great job on another GDQ, and here's to Star Road granting our wish for a new donation record! 
Finally donating during one of my favorite SNES RPGs! Looking forward to seeing some skip tech and whatnot. Big N, bring back Geno in future games! Geno HYYYYYYYYYYYPE
:)
I already donated but I really want that mario run and If everyone in chat gave a little donation we could make that goal. Thank you for everything at SGDQ so far. 
Here's to hoping that they make Geno a playable Smash Brother's character!
Hey all, the two of us here at SA just wanted to say thank you. It's our 5th GDQ and over the thousands of hours and thousands of decals, we've enjoyed every minute of these events and couldn't be happier to be a part of them. Since our last 1k got eaten up in the Metroid hype (grats to Behemoth on his win!), here's another thousand to help us break the record and see that SM64 race. Love you all and good luck to Lack for the rest of his run! <3 Erika & Max from SomethingArtistic
This event continues to be a highlight of geeky indulgence for me. A big thank you to all the runners and organizers for their time, dedication, and impressive performances.
Hey duders!
Second time donating during SGDQ. We just wanted to thank all the runners for a FANTASTIC week! You guys continue to bring it and we can't wait for the next GDQ event! Much love and PRAISE THE BOOSTER!
Hello SGDQ! Long time viewer, first time donator here. I love what you guys do and I think it's only appropriate that I also support this fantastic cause. This GDQ has been one of the best and let's finish it off with that hype SM64 race!!
Have to donate one more time during my favorite RPG game with the best character, Geno.
This couch is really good.
Can't believe the week is already almost over. Happy to be watching SMRPG deep into the night!

Kudos to everyone involved with this SGDQ!
Congrats on another agdq completed!!
Super Mario RPG was one of my favorite RPGs growing up, along with Crono Trigger and Pokémon Blue. These songs inspired me so much as a kid and really got my childhood imagination going crazy. Thanks so much for everyone at the event for donating their time and energy to MSF. Shoutouts to my brother Nathan and my friends watching right now. If possible, I'd like to request that everyone take a private moment to reflect on those in MSF who died providing medical treatment to people caught in war zones.
Thought I was finished donated but couldn't help chipping in to break last year's goal! Loving the Super Mario RPG run and I'll stick with you as long as I can stay awake.
This was my first live GDQ, thank you for doing amazing job (and Youtube uploads)!
gotta donate for possible geno plush. also gotta help out with the 1.2 HYPE
Thank you guys for all the hard work and effort. Seriously, every one of you and your victories and defeats during this event are what makes it great every year.
So cool to see how this event has grown. My own involvement has grown- first a girlfriend of a watcher, now I myself watch, we donate, and hope to attend the next time that it's in VA! Hyped for the chance to make this the highest-earning SGDQ- let's do this!
This is my first time seeing gameplay of Super Mario RPG, and after years of passing over screenshots since the 90s, I'm finally convinced to give this game a go. Thank you all for not only helping those in need, but gifting curious viewers the joy of a game they otherwise may have never experienced. Let's reach that 70 star goal. And to help, here's a challenge for twitch chat. What is the best song from Super Mario RPG? Who is the best character? Best boss battle? Donate with your favorites!
Good luck running Super Waluig RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars! shoutout to all the runners and staff for putting on an awesome event! Waaaaah
Here's hoping we can see an amazing Super Mario 64 race!
Lets see that sm64 race!
Honestly I owe so much more to speedruns being one of the main things I would watch to help distract myself from my depression. Thank you for the entertainment and the good cause, hope to donate more later days
Greetings from Australia. It's been such an amazing week with very little sleep. Sad that it will all be ending so soon  but loving Mario RPG. lets get that 1.2 million. Super Mario 64 hype!!!
Great work another awesome SGDQ! AGDQ 2017 can't come soon enough!
How did Mallow become a frog?
Geno-tic modification.
Amazing runs, kudos to the staff, runners and fellow donors!
I Waited all week for my favorite run by my favorite runner, SMRPG by lackattack24! All aboard the lack hype train! 
BOrk BoRk borK Bark bOooOorK
You thought I was Mario... But it was me! Waluigi! Weeh! 
I've been watching GDQ since the first year the event was split, and it has been an absolute blast the entire time! Helping the twitter team this year has been a huge joy, and it's all thanks to you runners, donors, tech folks, and the MASSIVE amount of people tweeting! #arbysrevenge
Good luck!
Another great marathon.  Last donation of the week for me.  Congrats to everyone who made it happen, and  thank you.
DONKEY KONGA 
I only just played this game for the first time on Wii Virtual Console 3 years ago, but it already gives me nostalgia. Peach is pure love and the best party member
What a perfect way to end another great SGDQ! Mario RPGs have always been my favorite games, so it feels right to donate now. Bring us home, Lackattack!
This is for Super Mario 64!
Couldn't let SGDQ end without donating. Thanks for the hours of entertainment this week and all your awesome work for charity. 
What a great event it has been and who better than the LackChamp himself to close it out!  Good luck on the run and thanks to everyone involved.  #TeamLack
Geno Whirl!
Already donated this week, but I gotta put in a lbit more to extend the hype a little longer. Thank you SGDQ for another magical week! I want to see everyone back here in Minneapolis for more next year, ok?
I may be late for the incentives but I still made it to the last speedrun of the week. Thanks for the fun times everyone and may we all gather again to watch and take part in AGDQ 2017. cheers
Wanted to wish Lack good luck on the SMRPG run! Watching Lack and Caleb practice the run has provided a ton of entertainment over the last few months. Thanks so much for your dedication guys, all of us hardcore stream lurkers appreciate it!
I picked up SMRPG at a flea market when I was younger and was confused by what I had expected to be a platformer. Nevertheless, after playing it for hours and hours I truly fell in love with it. Seeing this brings back a lot of memories! Thanks for doing this great charity!
<3
Good luck!
Gotta help the marathon go longer!
What do you get when mario jumps on  peach? A fuzzy navel Har Har!! Have a good run! 
You guys rock.  That is all.  Just wanted to throw a fiddy on top of the mountain of cash you've raised.
Congratulations on another great event! I'm delighted that you still do these twice per year. You guys set a great example for the gaming community.
I've watched a few of these and officially felt bad for bit donating. Here's to great games and clever ways to break them.
To MSF and the GDQ team including all the support staff and sponsors, thank you once again for an awesome marathon and for bringing one of the worthiest of causes once more into the spotlight of the world, as it should be. To the runners, though you do your best to save the frames the time you take to dedicate to these events every year cannot be under-appreciated.  I don't think I'm alone in saying these marathons, the crazy hype train that only comes around twice a year are heart warming... and sleep depriving, in the best of ways.  Thank you.
Take that, cancer!
Just now found out about SGDQ, and I'm glad I did! Awesome job by the runners and the entire crew keeping this going! And what a great cause to support!
Been watching on and off this week and just caught the end of this great event.  I'm happy to finally be able to donate for a great cause and look forward to future GDQs.
Hard to believe that SGDQ is almost over. Thank you for letting me be a part of this amazing event yet again. I love this community and I can't explain how much this opportunity means to me.

Finally, I hope everyone remembers to have fun while playing video games.
Had to donate in the final few hours! Save the people!
You mean to tell me that Mallow isn't a tall, lanky man wearing purple clothes? My childhood has been a lie.
Greatest video game ever created.
Calling 13 flowers. Who else is gunna call their shots?
Games Done Quick is always an amazing event that leaves me glued to my screen every six months, even if the primetime slots are at like 4am in Australia. Thanks to all involved for your hard work. I want to see the SM64 race. Oh, and when is Waluigi getting his own game?
Can’t believe it’s almost over! Major thanks to all runners, staff, and crew for another fantastic showcase of games, thrills, and laughter for a wonderful cause. Let’s see that encore happen!
Thank you for the fantastic event and here's hoping for that encore run.
Fourth donation in a row since AGDQ 2015, love the work you guys all do for a great cause. 
Keep up the great work!
Thanks for another great GDQ.  I laughed, I cried, I lost my khakis, 75% of the runners died in Super Metroid, my favorite game is the finale.

Hopefully everyone in twitch chat can donate $10 so we can finish off the donation incentive for the SMRPG race!
Been watching GDW on throughout the week - fun stuff
sm64 pls
I definitely had to donate during Mario RPG, as it has been one of my favourite games of all time for as long as I can remember. As someone learning to run the game, watching the new strat for Mac skip was definitely a source of relief!  Good luck to LackAttack, and let's make that Mario 64 race happen!
Hey guys! It's been an awesome SGDQ this year. My family and I thoroughly enjoyed seeing our favorite games being absolutely demolished for better times. I don't have much to give, but every little bit counts for this good cause. That being said, let's obliterate one of the best Nintendo RPG's ever created, and break last year's record for donations! 
I was going to spend money on the steam summer sale, but it didn't work and time ran out, so I'm giving my money to charity instead. TAKE MY MONEY!
<3
I've had a great load of fun watching SDGQ when I could this week, I'm glad to be here for one of my favorite games.

Best of luck to the runner.


Waaaaah
Mario RPG is best RPG. Looking forward to a nice high number on Booster Hill.
<3 you guys, here's wishing you a minecart PB!
Thanks guys. I love watching speedruns and these events always show me something new. I only wish they could last longer than one week.
Haven't donated yet, figured I oughta get it done. Thanks for doing what you do, I've really started to look forward to these events.
Greetings SGDQ! Congratulations on another fantastic marathon. Now let's get that SM64 run!
Thanks to all the announcers and tech staff for allowing such an awesome event to happen.
I've been watching on and off all week and figured I should chip in to help get us past the goal! Thanks for all the entertainment!
HYYYyyyyyYYYYYyyyyYYYPE!!
Mario is a god!
Come on lets break that incentive! Everybody in chat donate a dollar! is want that Mario 64!
Been watching the event for about 4 years now so I figured it was time for me to donate. It's great seeing everyone band together to change the world, so hopefully AGDQ/SGDQ has many more years left int it.
Almost forgot to donate. This is an awesome event.
Shoutout to everyone. Literally everyone.
Love this event, so sad that I'll have to wait another six months for another Games Done Quick. 
First-time watcher and donater here! Just wanted to give a shoutout to my incredible boyfriend of three years, Andy, who introduced me to SGDQ. The amount of talent displayed in these runs stuns me. Also, STAR GET!!! STAR GET!
I may have been out of sync with the marathon this summer, but no way am I letting it end without throwing some in the pot myself.
Hey everybody! Had an absolute blast at SGDQ this year! Shoutouts to Sky behind the mic, Mill on the couch, and Lack behind the controller. LET'S BUST THIS 1.2 MILLION MARK!!! #TeamLack
Thank you for everything. Had an awesome week!

Good job speed runners and staff!
I want MORE MONEY!
As authentic as a vintage "I'm a Pepper®" tee, Dr Pepper is always original. A signature blend of 23 flavors makes every sip of Dr Pepper truly unique. There's nothing like a Dr Pepper.
Bidoof. Bidoof.
You all are awesome
Glad to see one of my favorite games being ran, 2nd only to Final Fantasy Tactics. Hopefully we can get that next time. Enjoying the run and commentary. Keep it up!
Had a lot of fun glued to my computer chair this week. Look forward to seeing you all again at AGDQ 2017.
Mario will never be able to save the world from dat sword, the world needs a real hero: PEPSIMAN 
and Chat: 123 kappa
This has been an amazing event that's helped me get through a really rough week. It's got me feeling pumped to get back to work making my own games, in hopes that I will one day see them be thoroughly broken by these expert runners.
Great runs so far, guys!  Donating toward the Pokemon Blue incentive, I'm really excited for that one.  Also, save the animals!
This was going to save the animals, but I guess they're with the DEERFORCE now. Maybe next time.
Can't pass up a chance at bringing Geno and Mallow home with me, much less helping such a wonderful cause.  Best wishes on the run LackAttack, stay strong as Johnny would be, otherwise, "Get Tough!"
FOR KIP
What a STACKED couch for this SMRPG run, the hype is REAL.  #TeamRight

(To donation readers and techs/support staff:  You are awesome.  Thank you so much for all the work you did, my week has been awesome.)
Another donation dedicated to my grandmother who passed away early this morning,  I love and miss you grandma! 
Am I kawaii? Uguu~
When gamers unite for a good cause, we can make real positive change in the world.

Congratulations to the runners,  the organizers, stage ninjas, and donors; Everyone should be proud of the work we have done this year!
I just had to donate during the SMRPG run! It was the first rpg I've ever played and still love playing it to this day. Good luck to the runner!
Need to extend this gdq as long as we can. Let's get to that 1,215,000 for some more mario. And thank god we finally killed them animals
Sad to be watching the last game! Multitasking Donating  while watching with my lovely boyfriend ;P

Great SGDQ and can't wait till the next!
Yo Lack, I wish you the best on this SMRPG run.  Good luck on 100 Super Jumps.
Well, if someone has to win the Geno and Mallow plushies, it may as well be me.

But really, thank you for an amazing week of entertainment and good will. Everyone involved represents the best the gaming community has to offer.
Hope this helps!
Hey SGDQ. Been watching every GDQ for a few years now and donated to save or kill the animals each time. Unfortunately I missed it this year but that won't stop me from donating!
Thank you SGDQ for the great entertainment this week!  The Tetris exhibition and the Super Mario Maker relay race were incredible. Glad to see the event closing on such an awesome game in Super Mario RPG. 
This is my first year catching GDQ live after watching on YouTube.  This is a great event and a great cause.  Keep up the good work.
Thanks guy, this is my favourite event of the year!
You know, watching SMRPG like this so late. Seems like it's the perfect time for a midnight snack. Like cheese. Cheese is pretty great. What's your favorite cheese? Mine's Pepperjack.
Thank you so much for everything you do.  These marathons are amazing.  The skills shown are outstanding.  The feels I get are supreme.  Send my wish up to Geno, will you? I wish for a new SGDQ donation record!
What an awesome way to put the BIG D to this amazing marathon with one of my favorite runners LackAttack taking on Super Mario RPG. Best of luck, and may the Count Down go in your favor. #TeamLack
Nice that the best Speed Runner was saved for last.  Go LackChamp!
That was a great Super metroid race! I was speechless here at home during the mother brain fight. Great job from all of the racers. Thank you for a great SGDQ. WHA!
Hello, SGDQ! Greetings from Brazil!

Before ever dreaming of becoming a doctor, I was a nerd at heart. Games like Final Fantasy VI, Chrono Trigger, Super Mario RPG and Super Metroid were near and dear to me despite speaking very little english at the time.  Now, I may yet work for MSF as an anesthesiologist, which makes me doubly grateful to you: as a geek who feels like my passions are both alive and helping people out, and as a doctor who needs these resources to practice my skills. Keep going strong and empowering people to help all over the world, a few dollars at a time! You guys rule!

Shoutouts from Brazil and my greetings as an anesthesiologist and a gamer!
Home stretch, you guys! You're almost there! Here's a little more for that encore run! Let's PB this run :D
Another very amazing week coming to a close, and some very amazing games closing it out. I'd like to thank everyone at SGDQ  for another fantastic marathon. Waiting for AGDQ 2017 will be like waiting for the next season of Game of Thrones.
Shout out to all of the runners and coordinators of this event. You guys bring us awesome content while helping an amazing cause.  The community is second to none and I love getting to opportunity to be part of it. Thanks for putting this event on and here to many more.
Hey Everyone,

Thanks for working hard to put Games Done Quick together.  Love the event - love donating.  

Flashbacks to renting the game from the store down the street, spending the weekend getting to Smithy's castle, returning it, and praying til the next weekend that the save would still be there.

What I wouldn't have given for some of these strats.  Keep entertaining and raising money for a great cause!
Mario is a baller and Mallow wishes he were taller.  Love Mario RPG and hope this little donation can help someone in need.
Exiting the forest is super simple.
Shoutouts to Pie from your pal Tyrone.  Congrats on defying the odds and actually completing a level in the Mario Maker race.  Also shoutouts to Cyghfer and the other runners past and present of this cool game, and congrats to everyone for another successful event.
Going for that SM64 Run!
I want to give my heartfelt thanks to everybody who works so damn hard to make these events a reality. All organizers, crew, volunteers and moderators, all runners, and thanks to everyone who watches and donates and makes these events worth doing year after year. We can break this donation record, I believe in you all. Hearts 'n stuff!
Thanks for the awesome runs! been watching for the past few years, thanks so much for all involved! also shout out to my bros: time2ladder, zentagon, and gamesharks
I started dating my girlfriend Jess last year during Summer Games Done Quick 2015 and I can't think of a better way to celebrate our anniversary than by watching Summer Games Done Quick 2016 all week long together.  Love Summer Games Done Quick, love Jess, and love this chance to donate to a great cause.
Had to donate during my favorite game. Good luck, LackAttack!
It's about time one of my favourite games is being played. 
Now I can finally donate! 
Been watching GDQ for a while now and will continue to do so. It has been one great ride and here's to a smooth Mario RPG run!
Stop! Waluigi Time!

Thank you Wah-Nation for your support! Now tell Nintendo to make a Year of Waluigi! Wah ha ha!
For the final grand total of 100.00 here is my last 25 let's see some morw mario
It's so wonderful to see such a young crowd get together for some truly noble causes...Your an inspiration and have absolutely turned our kids into little gamers and wannabe speed runners! Here's $5 on us, love from our altered ego's Mikey, Raph, Donnie , Leo & Splinter!
Way to go GDQ! Is it too late to save the animals?
Hidiho from Sweden,
Need to donate some cash before it's all over, for this time.
Thanks guys for a great week.
Here's a quarter for every hour I've watched this marathon. HYPE for Doctors without borders and the streamers, casters, and tech staff who make it all possible, and HYPE for breaking our old donation total!
Sadly, moving has caused me to miss much of the runs this year, but that won't stop me from sneaking in a donation at the end. Much love to all the runners. Can't wait for  AGDQ.
I love SMRPG and have never seen it speedrun before. So excited! Now let's get that 70 star SM64 run!
SGDQ snuck up on me this year, glad I was still able to catch the tail end of it.
Gimme dat bonus run
There once was a plumber named Mario
Who adventured around near and far-io
Here at SGDQ
All the runners and crew
Are awesome and they’re the real star-ios!
Super Mario-oh R-P-G ♪
It is the only one just for me ♪♪

 Love to all the runners for a great week, and let's beat the donation record. Encore HYPE!
Lets get that sm64 run!
Thanks for another great SGDQ! See you all later for AGDQ, can't wait!!
Love this game,  I've yet to find another RPG as fun as this one.  I just wanted to give thanks to the organizers and volunteers for their time and dedication to this event. Shout out to Ditto-Mario and his sick charades!
Here's to another super awesome SGDQ! Been watching since 2013 but have been unable to donate, now that i have a job I wanted to put in as much as I could to help out this great cause. Keep up the awesome work and keep going fast!
Good luck with the run LackAttack! Smash those super jumps!
Here's wishing everyone the best at this wonderful event, always feels great to donate to such an amazing cause so hopefully this money gets put to good use~
This is for my boyfriend, Evan...OUR BOY PIE IS ON THE COUCH! Also, have an awesome Super Mario RPG run!!
I've been glued to SGDQ all week and I'm definitely going to be staying up late to watch my all time favorite game, SMRPG, get demolished. Good luck on the Super Jumps!
Thanks to everyone involved at the event for an entertaining week. The Super Metroid race was amazing to watch, congratulations to Behemoth on the win.
Summer Games Done Quick had so many amazing moments this year, and I can't wait to pick up what I missed and find even more. Thank you to all runners and staff for putting on such a great event for a great cause. See you at AGDQ 2017!
Really enjoyed Checkers' SMRPG run @ AGDQ 2015.  Excited to watch it again this summer.  Good luck Lackattack!
Hi Lack!

My dad is letting me and my brother stay up late to watch you play.  Good luck! P.S. I hope you get a new personal best on this run, and tell my dad that you are NOT my boyfriend.

From, 

Your favorite 9-year-old fan, Kitkat, and her brother, Monkey Boy Bill
UraniumAnchor here. As SGDQ2016 draws to a close I have to thank all the amazing people who made this event possible, from the people manning the donation station, to the dozens of runners and commentators, to the cable wranglers, and the offsite support staff keeping chat, discord, and Twitter under control.

I've been coming to these events for 6 years now and watching it grow from 50 people in the 4H Center basement to a week long convention with more attendees than I could ever hope to meet has been amazing. When we come together and put our minds to it we can do amazing things, and don't you ever forget that.

There's no donation incentives left for me to throw this money at, but I look forward to finishing the event off with a 4 way race just for one last chance to make a rat's nest out of the cables. Good luck to LackAttack on SMRPG and I'm already looking forward to AGDQ2017. Game on.
This is the highlight of my summer, every summer. 

SGDQ is an inspiration.

Keep up the awesomeness!

-BananaROMa TV-
Thank you for such an amazing event!
Let's keep SGDQ going a bit longer.
What is the couch's favorite type of cheese?
Thank you everyone for another amazing GDQ!
I have been watching since 2012. So amazing how this audience gets bigger and bigger by the year. From hosting in a basement, to hosting in community centers. Be proud of yourselves on how far you guys have gone to make a difference in the world. My girlfriend and I were affected by the wildfire crisis in Canada on May 3rd and being on the receiving end of donations throughout coast to coast and internationally, I want to say every dollar makes a difference. I can say the same for those who are in the receiving end of these donations from the groups you host. Great job guys. (If this gets read I will chip in another 25, no need to announce that I will be listening :)
Let's beat last year's total and get that bonus run.
First time watching  live. Thanks to everyone and all of the hard work you have put in this week.
Wah!
I'm not ready for SGDQ to be over but I guess that just makes me look even more forward to AGDQ2017. Thanks to everyone involved for such an amazing week, let's go above and beyond last year! RECORD-BREAKING HYPE!
Awesome runs this week for a good cause
Of course I had to donate during one of my favorite games ever.  Want to give a big shout out to all the runners, techies, and volunteers who made this event possible.  This has been an excellent marathon and we're still not done yet!  Let's reach the goal for the secret Mario 64  and get a donation PB to be proud of.
waluigi hype!
Mallow for Mario Party. 
Geno for Smash Bros. 
Valentina for Dead or Alive.
Had to chip in another donation for the SM64 run. Grats on another successful GDQ event everyone! Shoutouts to Caleb, Lack & Pie
Super excited for SMRPG, love the work you all do! 
Let's hear one more WAA!
Always love watching your agdq/sgdq streams every year, and what you do for doctors without borders. Keep on going on, and video gaaames! @(^.^)@
Thanks to everyone involved in this event.
And mostly thanks for killing the animals!
This has been one of my favorite GDQs, having several of my favorite games involved, ending with two of my favorites: Super Metroid and Super Mario RPG. Thank you for putting on this amazing week of great speedruns, and having amazing commentary. See you next GDQ! :)
When will we get Beetle Mania for MSF?
Never had the chance to play Mario RPG sadly but i've always wanted to. Excited to see this game being ran and shout out to EVERYONE at SGDQ for making this the best charity event! HYYYYPE! 
This SGDQ has been an absolute blast to watch! My sleep schedule has been thrown completely out of wack, but it has been totally worth it! 
And of course only the best name could have been chosen as filename! WAH!
Super Mario RPG is my favorite game of ALL TIME! Thank you everyone for donating and raising awareness. Here's $15, let's get those incentives!
Pretend this donation comment is actually a Muku pyramid. Best of luck Lack, a lot of us have been waiting ages for SMRPG to be a GDQ finale, so seeing it finally happen is about as amazing as it gets. Get the Super Jacket, rebuild Star Road, and please do not turn the console off before Johnny sunset.
Things would have been different if toad had brought his bazooka.
Big Mario RPG fan! Here's to a great run and thanks for a great marathon.
I love Super Metroid and I love MSF!!
I remember the day my grandfather bought this game for us. It really cemented my life long love for gaming. Love seeing SGDQ totally destroy the game for such a great cause.
Super Mario RPG is most likely my favorite RPG of all time. I love all of the characters, the story, and the diverse gameplay. Great job runners, announcers, and all involved in SGDQ2016.
This is one of my Favorite games of all time IM glad they saved it for last. Thank you SGDQ
Long time watching, first time donating. Thank you all for everything you've done! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
SGDQ HYPE
One last push, please donate now
Let us finish strong!

I can't just sit here and let GDQ end so soon! Let's get that extra run in! Super Mario 64 HYPE!!!
Super Mario RPG was my first RPG and got me through a strange time in my childhood. Love this game. Here's to the encore.
i'll donate 10$ more if runner beats  GDQ's previous minecart record of 1:56:91. Don't forget to spam the honk button too!
Glad to see the first RPG I ever played get beat so fast. I remember getting 2 stars for my brother while he was at a friends house and him getting mad and starting over.
Thanks for the great week of entertainment
This is it!
Was saving my donation for my favorite game to be run. Show Smithy that you know about timed hits!
Been a tough week, but it's been great to have had SGDQ to make me smile every night with the skillful runs, engaging commentary, and great cause. Putting this toward nothing but HYPE for SM64!!!! Much love to all.
This is my all time favorite game! Can't wait to see this game get destroyed!
I've been saving my donation all week for this Super Mario RPG speed run! This game was one of my childhood favorites. I am happy to see it beaten with ease for charity. Thank you for putting on this amazing event year after year.

Ze cake ist moving?!
Mario has logged in.
I knew I wanted to be a part of speed running when I learned about it last year.  Until I've got the skills to be more than a filthy casual, this will have to do for now.  Gamers giving back is an inspiration - thank you for being awesome!
Super Mario RPG
@ShadNight9000

#GenoLives
Always great to see Super Mario RPG be played in ways I never thought possible. To this day its my favorite RPG of all time! Thanks to the runners and staff who make this all possible.
Waited for Seven Stars to donate. This game was awesome growing up. I wish there was more Genoooooo!

Good luck to the runners!
$30 to round out my donation total for the week to $150. I know not everyone is lucky enough to afford to donate, but just $1 from everyone breaks last year's total. Let's do it! SM64 HYPE!
Expecting a fast filename choice?

TOO BAD. WALUIGI TIME.
Super mario RPG was one of the first games I played on the SNES. The times were good. Mario 64 was the first game I played on the N64 so let's get some  Mario  64 HYPE!!!

Good luck Lack!
Hello AGDQ,

Super Mario 64 was my favorite game during childhood. Nothing would make me more happy than to watch it being completely broken in half. Love from Canada!
Super Mario RPG was one of the first games I ever played as a kid, and I'm really happy to see it being run. Shout out to all the runners and all the donors for contributing to a wonderful cause. 
Another great SGDQ! Thank you guys for everything you've done! : )
Thanks for a great event! Good luck with the run, LackAttack. I'll donate another 25 if you climb Sergeant Flutter's cliff in 9 seconds or less!
Yo Lack.   Hanging out in Toadpole Pond, waiting for your 100% run so you can come write some sweet jams with me.   Good luck.   ThisIsIt.  #TEAMLACK
What do you call a speedrunning charity north of The Wall?  Doctors without Hodor.
Thank you all so much for a great week! I can't believe the marathon's almost over already... Luckily we can still make it last a little longer with that extra race! SM64 HYPE!!!
Already donated earlier and even though I won't be around to see it, I want to help get the community one last encore! Not much, but let's all try and hit that target! 
What a wonderful event! Hoping this helps bring us closer to the encore!
Hey guys, Thanks for a fantastic week of runs, and MANY hours of VODs incoming. 
My 3 year old son and I watched quite a few, and the only thing that makes these runs any better than they were before is hearing a tiny voice saying "Oh no he fell down!" or "Yay he did it!" while watching. 
Keep up the amazing work, I have never been more proud to call myself a gamer. Lets go for that new SGDQ record, and the bonus game to go with it!!
ThisIsIt.  The whale of attachment watches over you tonight.  Good Luck to you and thanks to all the runners, commentators, hosts and all behind the scenes for another awesome GDQ.  See you in January.
So glad we're wrapping this amazing event up with my favorite childhood game: Super Mario RPG. Good luck Lack, and thanks to all the runners, staff, attendees and donators for a million dollar week!
Couldn't not donate. SGDQ and AGDQ are the bets two weeks of the year and I appreciate the charity and the entertainment. 
gotta do my part to break that record!
There's no way I couldn't donate for those plushes. Good luck with the final run, and thanks to everyone that helps put on the show!
Sich an awesome event. First time watcher. I will never miss another gdq! Props to all the player, you blow my mind. Hi zenon, Greg and becca!
SUPER MARIO RPG IS MY SECOND FAVORITE GAME NEXT TO EARTHBOUND. I AM SO EXCITED THAT I AM TYPING IN ALL CAPS. I HAVE BEEN WAITING ALL WEEK FOR THIS. YOU ALL ROCK MY SOCKS, GOOD LUCK! 
First time donating, love watching the event each year.
Lets beat 1.2 million!
What a great event! As a Monster Factory and Maximum Fun fan, I was ecstatic to hear The Final Pam win the donation drive. Thank all of you for this marathon! <3
Fungah! Foiled again!
Go the runner, and run the game as quickly as possible!
A great Super Metroid race, and now a speedrun of my all-time favorite game? NICE!
I'm ♡♪!?, but it's hard to pronounce so... 
Keep donating guys! Surpass the previous total because breaking records is what speedruns are all about!
ive been waiting for this run all week I almost beat this on wii virtual console and i really want that cart a guide walluigi hype
GDQ wins WR for most entertaining charity.
I almost forgot to donate! Sorry! Stayed up too late watching Pikmin...
Gotta make that extra run happen if everyone pitches together just $5.00 before sgdq finishes let alone a measly 180 K we could get around half a million dollars 
I love Mario RPG! I think it's so much better than Paper Mario. The prizes for this block look great, and I'm happy to support this cause. Good luck LackAttack!
My coworkers and I were getting into an argument about Mario RPG characters. Here's 50 dollars towards Geno being the best. Your move, Nate.
Better late than never.
Greetings, everyone!  Lotus Prince here.  Long-time watcher, first-time donator.  I'm super hyped for Super Mario RPG - it's one of the first RPG's I've ever played, and it's still dear to me.  Congratulations to all of the runners this year for contributing to such a great cause, and for running all sorts of incredible games.

Fungah!  Foiled again!
Doing what I can to make the Mario 64 race happen and to beat last year's record! Thanks everyone involved for one of the best GDQs yet!
My grandma had breast cancer and overcame it, however 2 of my aunts have passed on from metastatic cancer and a brain tumor in recent years.  Here's to stomping down  cancer and ending on a masterful of a game!
I missed last time where my favorite game EVER, was played! Fire Emblem: Path of Radiance. I've been watching the archived videos on youtube, never really been able to see it live.  It's also so exciting to me that SGDQ takes place in the Twin Cities BECAUSE THAT'S WHERE I LIVE!! hopefully i'll come see everyone FOR REAL next year! This money goes to whatever donation initiative is currently in last place.
I've been following Games Done Quick since 2013. I just recently got a job and now I'm finally able to donate, I watched last AGDQ with my mother before she passed a few moths ago.  This is for her.
That super metroid run was the butt clenchiest thing I've ever watched. Can't wait to watch the Super Mario RPG run.
Thanks for an amazing week of Games Done Quick! 
Spent my entire childhood watching my older brothers play this game. First of many donations through out the years to come. Keep it up!
cat!
I'm here at work cooking food when I should be home watching this. Phone's dying though so here's 20 more. Makes 36 total. Can't wait to start watching vods of everything I missed.
Loved playing this game with my older brother, so many memories.
Sorry it took me so long to put in my first donation, but I want to remind everyone, if you can just give a few more dollars, we will EASILY beat last year!
Another $50 for an amazing event! Had a blast watching all week long! :)
Geno Supremacy
I had a blast attending SGDQ this year and hope to see more in the future. I love SMRPG and I'm really happy to see it being run. HYPE!!!
Super Mario RPG is my favorite game can't wait to see it get wrecked.

(This is  donation is for the Geno and Mallow Plushies)
Come closer stranger.
Huge fan of smrpg.  Good luck on the run!
Last donation for SGDQ lets reach that new PB for the total and get an extra run 

Hemp HYPE!!
SMRPG is my absolute favorite game of all time, and I'm glad to be watching an amazing speed run. Hopefully I can pick up some tricks!
Awesome runs, awesome runners, awesome announcers, awesome audience!
Shoutout to MeridianPrime! Thank you for letting me press the last button when you set the record in Tetrisphere at Dreamhack Summer 2016, made me feel like a monster :)
Couch Caleb Better get yourself ready for MMX7 at SGDQ HYPEEEEEE
Another great SGDQ.  Many thanks to all runners and event coordinators and staff.  See you in January!
despite not having as much money to spare as last year, I couldn't live with not donating at least 1 more time.  Shout out to everyone behind the scenes that make everything work, none of this would be possible without you, so lets get a big WAHHHHHHHHHH for them.
Good luck to Lack on the (possibly) final run of this great event. Also, shoutouts to ma boi Pie for introducing me to this great game during his Month of Mario last year!
Good evening everyone, that was a great SGDQ and a great way to finish it with SMRPG. I love this game so much that I look at the booklet every morning... it is blocking the light from my clock :P. Continue the great work.
Best game EVER made is Mario RPG! Can't get enough of that Plumber! 

Thank you for a great week and such a wonderful way to raise money for a great cause! 
First time donator. Awesome seeing video games used for a good cause. Keep up the good work and thanks for putting on such an entertaining show.
I love this event every single year, normally I can give more but unfortunately I'm a little bit broke now FeelsPoorMan. I love you all individually and even the chat <3.  Thanks for making this event amazing year in and year out.  Also, WWWAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
You put on another excellent event.  Such a blessing to have everyone coming together for such a great cause. Awesome job!
Good luck to LackAttack on the run.  Super Mario RPG is my favorite game of all time.  Also, shoutout to "clutch daddy" Pie on the couch!  Donation goes to runner's choice
Hey guys.   I'm donating $5.00 instead of buying a buying a beer tonight.  How easy is that?!  If everyone in chat does the same we'll easily beat last year's donation record, so lets do this!
Hi again! Super Mario RPG hype!
Love this event, had to donate one final time.  Thank you for killing those animals!  
Lets beat our total from last SGDQ! I absolutely love this game and I think I have spent more hours of my childhood on it than I would care to admit and still was never as good as these guys! Good luck on the run Lackattack this is gonna be awesome.
I almost missed this finale,  here's 50 bucks to help out 
Come on! Let's beat last year's total!
Super Mario: RPG was one of my favorite games growing up! Let's see if we can unlock my favorite, Super Mario 64!
Super Mario RPG is the best! Have a great run!
Thanks for the brilliant week! Pity Aus$ money doesn't go further.  Donation hype
3rd time donating to SGDQ2016, but had to donate to during one of my favorite games of all times Super Mario RPG Legend of the Seven Stars!
Doing my part to Get that extra run, during one of my Favorite all time games! If everyone watching just donated that little bit they could, we could raise so so much for such a great cause. 

Thanks to everyone running this, from the runners to power up audio, to the people putting the chairs in place. You are all awesome for doing this!
I love you guys, I spent probably over 1000 hours playing with my mother and father, finding all the secrets and buying the guide. My Father is Very Ill and I love what you do <3. Thank You.
Watched so much of this over the week and I don't want it to end so let's beat that previous record! WAAAAA
WAHHHHH WALUIGI
for my good buddy ben in florida wahhhhhhhh
Had to donate during the best Mario game ever made, MarioRPG. SO  excited to see LackAttack24  SuperJump on my childhood.
I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. I lurve this game. I love this game. 
Super Mario RPG is my favorite RPG ever, as you might notice by my name.  This will be my final donation of the marathon.  I'm so happy to have been part of this amazing event.  Shoutout to UraniumAnchor and the tech crew and Power Up Audio.  Hopefully next GDQ I'll be there in person!
That Metroid race was incredible!  Way to go Behemoth for carrying the dream home!  Now: time to get hyped for this SMRPG run, one of my favorite childhood games.  Good luck LackAttack and may the Jumps be with you.
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal bodeboop. A sing lap should be completed every time you hear this sound. ding Remember to run in a straight line and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark. Get ready!… Start. ding﻿
Great job to all of the runners and everyone behind the scenes! Super excited for a Super Mario RPG run!  Here's to breaking the last year's record!
I know it's Little but every cent counts. Second time donating here and happy to see the game that I played most of my childhood. 
I never got a chance to play this game when growing up, so when it went on the e-shop last week I got it and played through it almost instantly. It's such a cool game and I am looking forward to seeing someone else speed-run their way through it! What a great way to close off an awesome event!
Excellent show, definitely accomplished what you set out to do! Looking forward to winter
I'm making this donation in memory of my Aunt Cathy, who was diagnosed very suddenly with late-stage cancer and passed late last year. While I wasn't particularly close to her, she was an extremely kind person and it's hard to think she's no longer here with us. This year's SDGQ lines up with the last time I saw her last year, so I absolutely wanted to make sure I donated in her memory. Here's hoping my wish and my donation make the journey along the Star Road towards finding the cure.
Mario rpg is one of my favorite games, and i hope i can see the mario 64 run
SM64 HYPE!
My wife Megzie (yes the one donating the charms sets!) introduced this amazing game  as such an important part of her childhood. She was also the one who got me into Speedrunning. This donation isn't much but I had to donate in her honor. #GenoLives!
Super Mario RPG is my favorite game of all time, I can't think of a better way to close out the marathon. Thanks for another great marathon.
SM64? Let's-a go!
Year after year I'm blown away by how much this event raises. Keep up the great work everyone.
First time watching live and holy cow, what an event.  Glad to be donating to such a good cause while watching some insane runs.
Hey guys, awesome stream this year,  first time donating waahhhhhh!
Wah!
Thanks to everyone who made this event possible! Behemoth is based! Destroy SMRPG!
Donating for my favorite game of all time. So stoked that this is the finale. Best of luck to Lackattack!
Hey everyone. Great job this year! SGDQ has become one of my favorite events, and I look forward to it every year. See you again in 2017!
Thank you to all the runners for this incredible, inspiring week. It's taken me all week but I thought it would be most fitting to donate during Super Mario RPG, a game which fills me with memories of days spent watching my cousin play this game. Good luck LackAttack!
Watched you all week, talked about you guys to my friend, lots of awesomness! :D
I love watching this with my friends and everything else about this.  Thanks to those who make it possible.


Ive been watching GDQ since 2013 and i am always amazed at how skilled all these runners are.  Ive been hyped for the SMRPG run since i saw the game list i grew up with the game and love watching it played. Keep up the awesome runs, also i want to thank the tech crew for keeping this show going for those of us who cannot be there live, heres to beating last years donation total!!!!
Great cause and great event! My gf bought dinner tonight, so I thought it would be right to donate what I would have paid. 
Currently on holiday overseas, but can't wait to watch the vods when I get back.
WAHHHHHH
Do not have much money now, but had to show Mario RPG some love! Also WAHHHH!
So hyped for this SMRPG run!  Wah!
What? WHAT? Disturb me you must not! Donating, I am. More money must I give!  Gnya, NYA!
Hey guys! I haven't been able donate much this marathon due to money issues but I hope this little bit helps. Thank you all so much for your hard work over the last week. GDQ's have given me many hours of entertainment over the last few years and I am infinitely thanful for everything you guys do. See you next GDQ!
Excited to see my favorite RPG of all time!  It's surprising how many people I know who've been playing games don't even know this game exists, so I'm super excited to see a speedrun of it
I am so excited to see Super Mario RPG.  This was my childhood game and am so excited to see it sped through.  Lets get the Super Mario 70 star run!!! I'll donate 15$ more if this gets read. Reckt Joey
Love this event, love this game, yet i have never played it? Im excited to see how this run goes! Let's HYPE the WAH!!
Gimme some HYPE! 
Making one final donation, as well as caving in and getting the Fangamer Keychain and a Yetee Tshirt. This year's SGDQ has been phenomenal, with great games and runners! Hope Médecins sans Frontières can do some great things with this year's donations. 
Gotta get that extra speed run in! Who wouldn't want a little more SGDQ?
This is one of the best Mario games that gets to be speedrun! Good luck with all those superjumps!!
Go Lack! THIS IS IT!
Cannot wait for this Super Mario RPG run. This has been a fantastic event so far. Well done done to everyone involved!
Been watching for 4 years, I love GDQs and their cause. Keep up the great work! I'm always looking forward to the next one and totally have the blues when it ends. Til next time.  Oh yea.   and Waaaaaaa!
Had to donate for one of the best Super Mario games ever made. It wasn't only doctors but Mario who helped me through my hospital time following my liver transplant so it seemed important to donate during this time. Thank you all for this amazing event and all that you've done for those in need. Super Mario hype!
Gonna make this my last donation to SGDQ 2016, and what an amazing marathon it has been. As usual, have to give thanks to everyone, runners, staff, volunteers, viewers, donors, sponsors, and probably more than I can think of. Hope to see the marathon reach a new high in donation total. And to end things off, obviously the best Final Fantasy is being played right now, Super Mario RPG. Best of luck on the run, LackAttack24. I hope to see everyone at AGDQ 2017. Take care!
MARIO RPG HYPE!

Waited till now to make my first donation. This was the game that made me fall in  love with Bowser. Like, did he ever have any real emotion or character until  this game? 

All the feels for SMRPG!


Donating another 25 because there are doctors without borders that can use them more wisely than I could ever do. Big thanks to everyone making an event like this possible and see you all AGDQ 2017! 
I just don't want it to end
Greetings from Brazil. Let's get this mark!
Let's blow past the 1.2 million record we set and reach new heights! 

New Record Hype! 
Last donation of the marathon for me. Good luck with my favorite game ever!
Been watching all week, don't want the stream to end so lets beat last SGDQ's total so we can watch a little longer
Thanks for all the amazing runs this week,  and here's hoping we Super Mario RPG fans can get us all that bonus run!
One of my favorite games from my childhood, SMRPG.  What a great way to wrap up another solid GDQ!
Had to put a donation into my favorite game of all time!  Save the Star Road!
There are currently 108,906 Twitch streamers watching this run.  If everyone donated just one dollar, we would be pretty damn close to breaking last year's record.  Stop lurking and start donating!  Go Lack!
<3
Had to donate for the SMROG run, hope the run goes great and WAAA!
Awesome! Just awesome! Runners, hosts, all staff. Great work!!
So happy to stay up late to watch this run of one of my favorite games ever, that I have to donate again! Mario RPG hype! My husband and I have watched all week and enjoyed it so much, thanks again for all the work you all do for such an amazing cause!
Ooh, are we taking down Culex in this run?

If not, super top secret bonus incentive?
Hello all,

I've been stoked for SGDQ 2016 and really appreciate everyone involved for making this possible.

Here's to ending the night with my childhood favorite: SuperMario RPG

LOOOOVE AND PEEEACE!
WAAAAAAAAH
Really sad the marathon is almost over. It was an amazing way to spend my vacation, thank you all for putting on such a spectacular show. Let's SMASH last year's total and race some Super Mario 64!
Thanks for the entertainment over the years and all the incredible things you guys do. Keep it up.
Eyyy. Use this money to help the docters. Still pumped over the incredible Super Metroid run. 

SU! PER! JUMPS!
Time for my bi-annual donation! I'm so pumped that this marathon started with Sunshine and Demon's Souls, and ended with Lack running SMRPG. Thanks for all the great runs and for doing it all for a good cause!
What joy you bring to the world, and for one of the most noble causes. Hype for 70 Star SM64 and for all the GDQs in the future.
Been watching GamesDoneQuick for 2 years now and I can honestly say that I love being a part of the speedrunning community! I hope to one attend one of these events in the near future, great event and great cause!
Save the people's doctors
My Mom is a nurse of over 30 years, just had to donate for this cause. Thanks to all the runners and crew for all that you do!
You guys are awesome! Loved the Super Metroid race! My wife and I are loving the stream, and she would be upset if I said anything but "save the animals". Keep up the great work and we look forward to GDQ in the future. 
It's a good thing I can nap tomorrow because this hype has me fired up! Thank you for another great marathon! My life will be boring for a while!
Been waiting all week just for this run. Was so much fun last time between the Pie memes and the impressive skill. Looking forward to an equally awesome run.
Yay Super Mario RPG! You guys are amazing, love tuning into this marathons every 6 months! Get to share the end with the love of my life, so best of both worlds! Great job everyone!
Donating for one of my favorite games. Good luck on the super jumps, Lackattack!
4 way 70 star hyp!
Mario RPG was my first rpg, and is one of my favorite games. Timed hits for life.
With the marathon nearly over, why not sit back and watch SMRPG with a cool refreshing Pepsi.
Here's to SDGQ this year and SMRPG one of my first rpg games. Also hoping for a bonus Sm64 run!
I absolutely love Super Mario RPG and I am so excited that it's the final game in the Run. I know that this is a speed run but I am hoping to see a 100 consecutive Super Jump! Stay classy Games Done Quick this year was great and I can't wait to watch again next year! 
SMRPG is one of my favorite games of all time!

Thanks for such a great week SGDQ
Super Metroid had me on the edge of my seat! I'll be asleep for the (hopefully) bonus Mario 64 run but I hope I wake up to find it uploaded to Youtube already.
Was planning on donating one last time tonight already bit now I'm extra incentived to get my favorite speed game added to the event.   Sm64 hype! 
You guys are great! I hope this $15.00 is helpful :)

SMRPG is one of my favorite games as a kid. Lets see it played super fast!
Let's get that bonus Super Mario 64 run! It's what Pepsiman would want
@Lack Is, is this it?
If we donate enough money, can we get a rerun of the 2 am Bonesaw run? Also, shout outs to O dawg!
Come on Chat, Donate! I know we all don't want SGDQ to end yet, so that SM64 Race needs to happen!
This is it. #TeamLack
I came for Super Mario RPG: LoTSS. Which is the LAST of the event. Long wait! Worth it. Let's hit 1.3Mil and then we can all #BeatUpJohnCena!
Keep going strong!  Lets get that 70 Star
I love this game and thanks for the games this week! I love all the RPGs and Star Wars runs!  Above all Mario RPG is my favorite this week! Go Axem Rangers!!!
Thanks for all the great runs all week long.
Don't make Mallow cry, keep on donating for this amazing cause! Super Jump us to that Super Mario 64 Run! ^_^
Thank you all for continuing  this amazing event year after year.  As per my yearly tradition: put this all towards Super Mario RPG being the best Final Fantasy.  Hype!
Been popping in and out pretty consistently throughout the week, and admire what you guys do. Keep up the good work ladies and gents ^_^. FOR CHARITY!
First time donating and do time doing so with one of my favorite games. Love what you do here and good luck!
Cancer has hit my family hard, and I want to thank everyone for all the donations. Lets beat cancer as fast as we beat these games!
This is my first donation to a GDQ. I realize I should be saving every penny for textbooks, but I have to give to a program that has brought me so much entertainment over the years. I love Super Mario RPG, so this is the perfect time to donate
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
We can get super mario 64 going. If you can't donate much it doesn't matter. If we get everyone to donate very little than we can hit it easily! Really glad to have been a part of this giant donation pool. Good job gamers
The way the gaming community bands together during GDQ events brings me such happiness. Let's beat last year's goal!
Mario RPG is one of my favorite games ever. Glad to see it on SGDQ!
what up youtube
What a great way to end SGDQ, Than with a great game.  People always say that video games are a waste of time,  but you guys have proved them wrong with all the donations you've brought to MSF and the Prevent Cancer foundation. 
If everyone in chat donated 2$ we'd break this record one more run! Come on chat! We can do it! Don't let your dreams be dreams!!!
I've been watching all week and I don't want it to end. More runs!
SGDQ is awesome - Kill the animals.
second year donating and I had to do it durring the SUPER MARIO RPG run since this game is the best that was ever made.  I still hope we will one day see Mallow and Geno  show their faces in an other game.  
This is my fourth GDQ event and the first time I can donate. After that last run, I believe in miracles. Lets break that record!!!
Still a lot of love abd fun during this week. Keep on guys! Cheers to the runners.
I cannot tell you how many hours I spent playing Super Mario RPG as a kid, and am unbelievably HYPED to see this run again. Good energy for Johnny! Donating to filename LCC
Super Mario RPG was one of my favorites as a child. So excited to watch the speed run. Kill all the animals.
SMRPG has one of my favorite soundtracks. Can't wait to enjoy this adventure with you guys :3
You guys make a difference, never stop what you do.
It was cool to see my first donation toward kill/save the animals go to choice that ended up being chosen. Good job killing those animals Behemoth! Super excited for Super Mario RPG! This has been a fantastic Marathon. Big thanks to everyone involved for the great entertainment for an even greater cause.
Super Mario RPG has been a huge part of my life, and I'm psyched to see GDQ running it as their finale. That said, here's to SM64 usurping that finale slot! WAAAAAAAH!
As a ten-year-old I was proud of myself for finishing Super Mario RPG in a weekend. This stream is going to blow my mind.
good luck on the smrpg
I remember playing this game at my babysitter's. Thank you for the nostalgia trip!
actually, Mario and Luigi are just Red and Blue Geno
Keep them coming, let's break the record!
I love you all!
3h to get $100k? HELL YEAH!!
Let's get that SM64 run!
Love what you guys do and I wish I could contribute more. Keep up the good work!
SMRPG is one of my husbands favorite games as a kid. We are both super excited and cannot wait to watch. Let's hit that bonus goal and get some mario 64!!
Well I have been meaning to donate all marathon but I realized I kinda am running out of time, so I decided to stop procrastinating and here is my money.
This is to help get that bonus game in. Let's keep this marathon going and smash last year's record. SM64 HYPE!
#teamLack, while my donations to save the animals may have failed because he didn't get the book in his last run, I'll support lacks effort for LCC.
Awesome SGDQ again this year! Thanks to everyone involved for your charity work and all of the entertainment!
This was the first SGDQ I attended (and volunteered for), and it was amazing to be in the room to see that energy for Pepsiman. Good luck on crushing the time for SMRPG, and hope to be there again next year.
Thank you for an amazing week of speed runs and to everyone who run this event!
They don't think it be like it is, but it do.
Can't wait to watch LackAttack24 kill SMRPG. Nail those jumps and in keeping with your Zelda run, how about a Gold Smithy? #TeamLack
Appreciate all you guys do!
Good Games SGDQ!

Shout out to a certain noob watching right now.
Thank you to all of you amazing folks for ending this incredible experience on my favorite game of all time.

Follow Geno's route there. You're ALL gaming gods. <3
I just had to donate during Super Mario RPG - one of my favorite games of all time.  I only wish I could donate more!  A huge thank you to everyone who made this amazing event possible.  I hope you all can go home and sleep soundly after this week of all-nighters.
there's something oddly satisfying about watching speed runs, and this will be no different. take my money and use it right!
This has been another great SGDQ! I am so excited for the SMRPG run!!! 
And remember: WAAAAAH
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Doesnt matter this wont get read anyway loL!
CHOO CHOO!
Can't go backwards from last year!
Someone on stream said I had to donate. i can't help myself.. Save me!
This is my favorite game of all time. I have averaged 4 hours of sleep over the past few days, and I have loved every minute of it.  A great means for a great cause, it's been a great week, and I can't wait for the next event.


First time donating to a GDQ event, I love watching these! Thankfully, I've never lost anyone to cancer, but my great great aunt did have breast cancer, and beat it.
Hey guys! Enjoyed the runs this year as I have in the past.  Looking forward to the endless hours of VoDs to enjoy in the coming months until AGDQ. Thanks to all the runners throughout the week (and a special thanks to LetsPlay% of Jak and Daxter), lets smash some records!
Had to donate for a chance at plushies of Geno and Mallow, two of my favorite old RPG characters. SMRPG hype!
Been watching since the first marathon, and been loving it the entire time. One of my favorite games of all time being run now SMRPG. Gotta donate. Thank you for all doing what you do and keep it up!
What an astonishing super metroid race!
Congrats to Behemoth!
I'm glad that I got up for this.

Goodluck Strimmer! We in there! Shoutout to the wonderful SMRPG community!
To my friends Lack and Mill, you guys are awesome. As a new runner to this game I low-key idolize both of you and am thrilled to see your hard work being recognized with a GDQ finale. Thanks for making this community so great to be a part of. Here's 100 dollars for 100 super jumps.
Last donation.  Finish strong.
Okay...this is my fourth donation but I gotta see that extra 70 star run! Waaaaaaahhhh 
Hey guys! This is the first GDQ i can donate to! Amazed i can do so as one of my most nostalgic games of all time is being run! 

I REALLY want the SM64 run to happen ; more GDQ, More donations, more hype and crazy skill being shown off! 

We can do it!!! 
If we all give $5 we get *MORE GDQ* Who doesn't want that?!
I can't believe I've not donated yet this year, so I'm going all in for a childhood favorite, Mario RPG. Thanks for another great year of SGDQ to everyone involved!
SUPER METROID IS TRENDING ON TWITTER!
Thanks and goos luck.
Mario RPG hype! So sad this amazing week is already over. Thank you everyone for playing, donating, an being so positive. What an incredible event!
HYPE!
MARIO 64 HOIPE
KILL THE WAAAAHHHHHH
Super Mario RPG is my favorite video game of all time and I'm so happy to see it spotlighted this year, on its 20th anniversary. Thank you, Nintendo and Square, for coming together to make this magical game before going your separate ways to make different kinds of magic on your own. I'll never forget the characters you've introduced and they'll always have a place in my video game heart.
Awesome Super Metroid run this year. Congrats to Behemoth87 and looking forward to AGDQ 2017 already! 
Been waiting for this all week. Glad to see one of my favorite games of all time played at a GDQ. Good luck on the super jumps LackAttack.
I've been waiting for the SMRPG run since Lack first announced he got into SGDQ. SMRPG is my favorite game of all time.  After commenting on Lack's speedrun that I wanted to speedrun it as well, he immediately got me the information I needed and hooked me up with the IRC.  Thanks to Lack and the rest of the community for being so welcoming and helpful, and thanks to Countdown, who helped me figure out the Mack skip!  Good luck on the run tonight, and make sure to grab some celebratory PB toast afterwards!
Super Mario RPG is one of my first and favorite RPGs. Cant wait to see it destroyed by the runner. Donation goes to the 4 way race. Glad to donate to a good cause like Doctors without Cancer. 
Greetings from Connecticut!  This has been an absolutely incredible SGDQ.  All of you are amazing.

I hope to hear you all singing along to the Forest Maze song!
LackAttack and Skybilz, I just wanted to tell you both good luck.  We're all counting on you.
SMRPG is the best Final Fantasy.
GDQ FTW
I cannot believe it took me years to become a part of something so amazing.  I have been watching this almost non-stop since it started, and while I am sad it is almost over, I am thrilled to be going out with such a great game that is so close to my heart.  Thank you LackAttack for running this and Thank you SGDQ for making all this happen!!!!
My partner and I are really excited to contribute towards beating the SGDQ donation PB.  Here's to Doctors Without Borders and cheers to all involved in this event!
This goes toward the secret Pepsiman boss in Super Mario RPG.
Long time watcher, first time attendee! Have had a blast this week, can't wait for next time!
All these great games, runners, and organizers of this event are an inspiration to us all. Congratulations to all the Super Metroid runners in the 4 way race.  Here's 10 dollars towards that encore run!
I'm at an anime convention with my husband right now. Been watching you for around since you hosted in a basement.  Love you all and your cause.  Thank you for being awesome.  Thank you!
Getting ready for Super Mario 64 70 Star, let's get this incentive met all!
It is 5am over here in Italy. I am exhausted but I am going to power through til the end. Let's bring it home!
No one likes mallow, but Mario rpg HYYPEEEEEEEEEEEE. 

Oh yeah and mario 64 hyyyypee!!!!!
Thank you for such an entertaining and mind blowing event. Great job everyone! 
Super Mario 64 race! We can do it! Thank you Staff! And thank you runners! 
SMRPG is and always has been my favorite game ever.  Followed closely by Paper Mario's.   The first GDQ SMRPG run I saw was IAteYourPie and since then I was hooked on GDQ's.  The idea, how fun it gets, how friendly everyone is.....everything.  It's just amazing.  Thanks to all of you!
Long time watcher, first time donator.  Really enjoyed the Mario Maker and the Super Metroid race. Let's go for 1.2 Million!
That Super Metroid race went about as unexpectedly as the US 2016 election. Can hardly wait five minutes to see the Mario RPG run! All the prizes for this run are amazing, and although I've got about as much chance of winning a raffle as I would have of a solo Culex battle, my donation is worth it anyway. Thank you for this excellent charity event and for many years to come!
SGDQ... I'm so proud of you... you raised $1,000,000... for Doctors Without Borders... and... you've got a beautiful finale ahead of you... I only regret... that I won't be around to see it... I'm... tired...

So, y'know, I'm going to bed. I'll watch the VODs in the morning. Good job, everyone!
Happy to see how video games can bring people together for a good cause.
Wasn't able to watch the Tetris exhibition live because of work, but watched it today on YouTube.  That was done amazing stuff... please schedule that one in prime time for the next gdq so we drones can watch.  
Shout outs to my man Lack on SM:RPG. Always enjoy your stream and the effort you put into making it PG-4. Good luck! Super jumps are like Patra one skip, easy every time. #TeamLack #TheD #TheRealFinale 
I've been watching the GDQ's since 2012 and each year, it keeps getting more and more spectacular. With all the darkness in the world, I'm beyond amazed at all the wonderful accomplishments this community has achieved in so little time. Keep it up
I had a blast spending the week watching my first live GDQ. Thank you to everyone who made this event possible. Now let's surpass last year's total and get some Super Mario 64 up in here.
Brilliant event and glad to donate. A quick message of love to my fiance, Frankie, who is also watching.
Shout out to the organizers - I'm impressed with how every GDQ event seems to get better and better in terms of quality and stability.

What I've seen of this one has been the most organized and professional yet. Thanks for your hard work!
I just want to tell you both good luck. We're all counting on you 
#teamLack
The no-holds-barred Super Metroid race was amazing - what a great way to cap off the week. Except... let's get that one last game. Mario 64 for the win!
GO LACK!!!! May your cakes be sweet and your jumps be true. Don't let MSF's cake psych you out! ALL ABOARD THE LACK TRAIN!!!! CHOO CHOO
That Super Metroid race was a flashback to the 2002 Winter Olympics when Steven Bradbury took gold in the 1000m speed skating from last place when the rest of the racers crashed 50m from the finish line
SMRPG is my favorite game of all time and I'm looking forward to seeing it smashed.  Do we get to see the secret boss in this run?
Here's till next time. and another million donated <3
Donating in support of Lack- one of the first streamers I ever watched- great stream and great guy! Gotta say I miss the Zelda runs but it's been awesome watching the Mario RPG runs too! Good luck and have fun. Also- feeling like we need another SM race.... I know I would donate again.....
I have an essay due in about 24 hours and I haven't started and the reason, is because of SGDQ. Here's my 5 bucks for the countless hours of entertainment you guys have provided me this week. Thanks to the tech team and all the runners!
We could reach the incentive if everyone just donated $1 but because I can spare a bit more I will cover for a few more! Share your energy with me we can reach this goal!
The last of the money in my Paypal.  Let's see that SM64 run!
This is the first time my girlfriend and I are watching a gdq together and we want it to last as long as possible! Let's make this extra run happen! SUPER MARIO 64 HYPE!!
This'll be my last donation! All the runs this week have been SUPER amazing and all the runners & workers deserve a big round of applause. That SUPER METROID HYPE kept me on THE EDGE OF MY SEAT. NOW ITS TIME FOR MY FAVORITE RPG OF ALL TIME! HYYYYYYPE!! 
Super Mario RPG is one of my favorite games! What a good game to end the marathon with!
MSF does great work, and after all the highlights over the past week (PEPSIMAN) there was no way I couldn't donate. Put this money towards WAAAAH
Last donation for possibly the last run. This was an awesome marathon and I am sad to see it over. See you in the winter.
This has been my first GDQ I've activity followed and I must say this has been amazing! I've already started a savings jar for coming out to a future GDQ event. Here's to all of the people that make this possible and the doctors this supports.
Hi its me goku. you people need to donate more, we need that mario 64 race. yes, yes we do
That Super Metroid race was sick. So stoked to see Behemoth step up and clinch that and kill those animals.
Gotta remember to donate earlier next time. You guys are awesome!
Let's set a new high for SGDQ everyone!
Can't tell if this is for the watch or not, I don't know.
Hey everyone.  Everyone who can hear this.  Yes, you.  You are awesome.  Thank you.
Super Mario RPG was the first RPG I ever played and still one of my favorites. 

Awesome job everyone and I'll be looking forward to the next GDQ!
More Marathon Please!
WALUIGI TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love the GDQ! Keep up the good work!
Which game had most viewer this year? And how many was it? Was it a GDQ record?
Behemoth with those Tortoise and the Hair strats, MVP of SGDQ locked up. Hype for one of my top five games.  End it strong, boys and girls.
Love these events and this community, keep up the good work :D
These events are amazing, you all do such an incredible job every time. Hoping to come to next year's event for our honeymoon. LETS GET THE ENCORE! MORE SGDQ!!!
Thanks for another amazing event this year! And a big thank you to the runners and staff. Shoutouts to Golden, SpikedVegeta, Toufool31, and of course, Bonesaw577. Also, shoutouts to Kevster24, My89Runs, and CodeMaster47.
Amazing race!
Behemoth did it! That was the most intense race I've ever seen at a GDQ, massive props to all the runners. 
In this time of ours, the best thing is to help the cause. let's demonstrate that united we can stand strong and borders can't stop us to help our fellow humans in need.
I really like watching GDQ ~<3 
For the sake of speedruns !
Ps: Greetings from germany 
Thanks for letting me spend my sick days with you all! I only wish I'd started watching earlier in the week, but at least I didn't miss that Super Metroid race.
Kill the--! Oh, I guess they're already dead.
Oh my... That was unexpected.
Hey, all. I made a pool for donations amongst all of my followers and held a poll for what donation incentive they wanted. The SMRPG file name Grand Dad won, so here are all of the donations I got! Best of luck to the runners, let's finish off this SGDQ strong!
Almost forgot to donate because I've been busy this week... I have a lot more Youtube vods to catch up on than I usually do.
To another fantastic GDQ! Always great to support a good cause.
doing my part
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Hey everyone, I've been watching for two years now, and this is my first time donating. 

I just wanted to say, thank you, for all the happiness given to me through the GDQs. Things aren't always so rosy in my life, so having a week where I can just enjoy a wonderful sense of community, and care is something I appreciate so much. 

Also, shout out to Halfcoordinated, you've given me a sense of hope I didn't even know I needed. 
We can raise about $600,000, shattering the record, if everyone watching right now donates just $5. Even if you've already donated, surely you can find a few extra dollars to give!
You all, runners, coordinators, and fans are all amazing and wonderful people. Keep fighting the good fight. 
Thanks again for the amazing race. Quite possibly the best I've ever seen. Get hyped for Mario RPG, this marathon isn't over until we get the D!
Super Metroid was amazing! Go Behemoth!!
Glad i get to catch the end of this great event, good luck on mario rpg
First time donating, figured better late than never and after watching all week I need to put a bit down to help why I can. Ive been blown away all week keep it up and hype for killing the animals
Ten more brings my total to fifty. What a race. Always my favorite.
So psyched for Super Mario RPG! Paper Mario is my first love but this is a close second. Contributing towards the Waluigi file name. WAHHHHHH
Behemoth HYPE!
Congratulations to everyone involved with this awesome event (that includes YOU, Twitch chat)!

Too bad it's almost over... Let's try to make it last a bit longer with the encore Mario 64 race! Let's go!
It's been an amazing week watching SGDQ! It's great to see the amazing runners and all the money raised for a great charity. Now the countdown begins for the next GDQ! 
This has been one hell of a marathon during a hellish week. Here's to making things better by bringing joy to all and medicine for those in need!
 Thanks to everyone involved in this event its been a great week. 
Final donation for this marathon.  Sad I won't be able to stay up to catch the end as I have work very early tomorrow, but nevertheless, you guys are awesome.  Hoping to wake up tomorrow to see that $8m surpassed!
Donation on behalf of Teddy
Love watching SGDQ while working on product for our con next month, makes work go a little faster, sorry we couldn't donate more.
As always, thanks for everything you doing, you wonderfull human being. 
Take my money for the amazing event y'all put on, major props to all the runners for the skill and perseverance shown throughout.
Big shout out to everyone that makes this awesome event possible.  I couldn't watch as many of the streams as I would have liked, but I'm always amazed at the level of skill and dedication put forth by all the runners, volunteers, and everyone else involved on and off the screen.
I've been catching up on all the great runs this week. I only wish I could have donated sooner.
Thanks Alice for the inspiration!
The Super Metroid race was amazing, congrats to Behemoth. Here's to another amazing year of GDQs.

Bummed I couldn't be there with you guys.  Good luck Lack on your SMRPG run!  Also I want to hear Skybilz say "WAAAHHH"!  Love ya all!
It's not much but thanks for bringing us so many weeks of entertainment over the years.
That Super Metroid race is still blowing my mind. Please just take my money as I walk around my house in a daze. 
Really haven't had the chance to watch as much SGDQ as I wanted to, but man the 70 stars Mario 64 is something I really want to see. lets get it done!
Gotta beat the previous best
Special thanks to all the runners as well as all the staff that make this event so great! It is astounding how as a community we can come together for a great cause. Truly, thank you all for providing entertainment for me this entire week.
I LOVE SGDQ! Thank you all for sharing your time, talent and hard work to make this awesome event happen :)
SUPER MARIO RPG HYPE
had to get my bi-annual $50 to charity in! thank you GDQ for all the good you do and showing the world gamers' aren't just toxicity and hate
Lack, if you don't get sub-3 on this run, you owe me a PogLamp [sic] emote. And since this is your first GDQ SMRPG run, that makes it a palindrome, so you know what I'm gonna say: "No reset, essay Ron."
Thank you for taking video games and making them even better, both by entertaining us at home and supporting a fantastic organization. 
A final donation after an amazing race! This year's event has been great, and here's to helping reach the NEW RECORD dream. Let's see some SM64! And hi chat, ilu
WAHHHH
Been long time viewer second time donator, just wanted to say you guys are awesome for taking time out of your days and working towards such a good cause. many props to all the runners and all the people behind the scenes. 
Donating one last time because of that absolute nailbiter of a Super Metroid Race.  Here's to the "hidden" game, and beating last years goal!...  Can i save next year's animals?
BEST SUPER METROID RUN EVER! Kudos to all the runners and congrats behemoth!
Jefferson Starship
A great week as always. A big thanks to all the crew and runners for this amazing event. Let's break last years total donations!
<3 
Congrats for another great GDQ - looking forward to the encore.
Really enjoying the races at SGDQ 2016!
First time donating, love all of the great work you guys do, that Super Metroid Race was epic! Congratulations to all of the runners and everyone who made this event possible!
First time being able to watch Super Metroid all the way through, awesome atmosphere and sooo much hype!
Super Mario RPG was the first game played of my childhood.  Love to see it part of a great event!
Happy SGDQ everyone! Sorry I got my donation in so late but I've been super busy this week with work. I even missed most of the runs I wanted to see! But teh GDQ mods have been uploading runs to YouTube very quickly so now I can catch up. thanks to all the runners, organizers, volunteers and donors! See you guys in January!
BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH BEHEMOTH 

That said, SMRPG is the greatest game ever made, I can't wait to watch it torn through as well.  Let's a go!
Kill the anim--wait, I'm late for that aren't I?

Great marathon, let's hope we can see the encore! 
Keep it up! You are doing an amazing job! Super Metroid was really amazing. Now Super Mario RPG Hype.
Shoutout from Brazil!
WWWAAAAAAAAAAAAA
WOO!
Lets see some Super Mario 64!
Can I get a WAAAAAALuigi?
Games Done Quick is awesome, Doctors Without Borders is awesome, thanks to everyone involved!
DEER FOOOOOOOORCE!!!!
That race was amazing, I just love this event.
hype!  Great job yet again  this year!
Another amazing SGDQ. Thanks to all the runners and the event organisers. 
We can do this! PogChamp
I'm no mathologist, but wouldn't 2 dollars per viewer on twitch exceed last years total?
Even though it's not much, but a little goes a long way! Hope this helps to break last year's record! 
Kick some Seven Star butt! You guys are the best! Glad to watch gaming and help support this cause 
Let's beat last year!
You guys are doing amazing work, hella fun to watch! 
1.2 million dollar HYPE
and 20 more if the announcer pronounces my name correctly
wooo metroid!
Shoutouts to the Skype kids!
What an incredible run from behemoth!  Let's destroy last years donation total!
Keep it up!
What. A. Run. Behemoth is my hero. C'mon SMRPG and SM64Run!!!!
shoutsout to sgdq SUPER MARIO RPG LEGGO
I made a gamble with friends that if Behemoth came from behind to win, I would donate. What an incredible race! Shouts out to the runners for a great show; and shouts out to the Hooligang, love you guys <3
