Was going to donate, but forgot to do so during the event. Better late than never I guess!
Been watching for the past few years. Keep up the awesome work. More zelda the better 
This is fun and good to do.
Here hold 5 buck 
Good work
I can't bear to leave the donation total at such an uneven, ugly number. Ideally I'd like to have it at $1,300,000.00, but this will have to do. I love everyone involved with SGDQ, can't wait for AGDQ 2017!
Nevermind, I can't math. Here's another $5. Not that anyone will read this.
Is this still up? Here's another $5. Puts us over $1.3 mil.
Hey bros good luck on the runs,  kill the animals,  and... ok wait can I just say, like, real talk im gettin tired of reading all these donations. my voice hurts. i get NO RESPECT and im just done *get up and walk out donation person*
Glad to see some friends on the main stage this year. Props to all the great people in the community who make this wonderful event possible.
Caught my first GDQ last summer and instantly fell in love with it! First time donating, and certainly not my last! 
Well done all!
Loved the event! Can't wait till AGDQ in January. Good luck to MSF!
Thanks for a great event
It's been a fantastic show so far, keep it up everyone!
Work made it hard to watch the runners as much as I was able to last year. But I got to catch some of LackAttack's SMRPG. Lots of fun for an amazing cause. Best wishes, and always SAVE THE ANIMALS.
I'ma go practice Banjo Kazooie runs.
greate job, thanks to all the runners, organizers and ofcourse the doctors 
PEPSI-MAAAANNNNNN
Love your passion for games!
Almost done! Let's break a new record!
Pinnball! Yeah
For the cow level I keep hearing so much about.
Loved all of these awesome games and speed runs, can't wait to catch them again in January!
I look forward to you, Pinball Joe. I absolutely love you. I've been saving my money just to donate to you.
Late donation, you're the best guys on this planet. =o) Greetings from Hungary.
Thanks guys for another good year, see you all in January!
Hey mom, I'm on TV!
Don't want to go without giving one last dontion. What an amazing cause. Thank you all 
Let's get that 1.3 million.
Great show!
gg wp
Well done.
Great job everyone!
Thanks for this year SGDQ, i couldn't watch like the other times but I was fully with you, good job!
i hope i'm not too late!!!
Good night! And Thank you
Thanks for another awesome event!
hello
Gotta hit 1.3 million!
Loved the GDQ this year! Thanks to all the runners and everyone involved!
it may not be much, but thankyou guys for doing what you do
20 dollars to cheese for finishing this run!
SM64 extra race was great.

Thanks to all for a great SGDQ2016!
dank
Thank you for very awesome event for great cause. It's always a treat to watch games being destroyed in order to go fast. I hope everyone have been great week, i know my sleep cycle is upside down.  Community around speedrunners are amazing. It's cheerful to hear everybody reacting in such way if something happens in a run. Let's have a huge clapping to the runners, audience and the crew behind managing the event. 
Humble Bundle!
Always great to see a Mario 64 race. Thanks for the awesome event everyone! Greetings from germany.
Link's Awakening
We've been watching Games Done Quick for years now, and this is our first time donating. We know it's not much, but hopefully we can contribute more in the years to come. We also however think there's too much Mario going on right now, and we wanted to request for the crowd to let out one more cry for Waluigi before SGDQ comes to a close! "WAAAAAAAAHHHH!"
This is my third year watching SGDQ. I cannot express how important and wonderful this week --- this whole event has been to me. Yet, Doctors Without Boarders is so much more important to so many others in need around the world. Runners, you are our heroes.

Never forget that.

Also, WAAAAAAAAAAA
If you can't handle me at my diddliest, you dont deserve me at my doodliest. 
Thanks for a cool GDQ!
Ive got a whole bar here in downtown Austin, TX checking out the last run of the week. Good job to all tje runners this week. Ive got a group of us here willing to donate a dollarfor every pushup Binny can do after the run. Good luck! 
Never too late for small donation. The fiancée is mad at how you can gather 70 stars  so quickly while it took months for her to do so. Love what you guys do. Thanks for another amazing SGDQ. HYPE!
We're all rooting for Biinny here in the front row. Biinny and his perfect haircut. Stop letting puncay win dude!
Greetings from germanguy101. Long time watcher second ti... welll you get my drift.
Happy to donate to such a great cause.
I wish everybody a great summer, and hope both organizers and the runners give eachother a large pat on the back.
Oh yeah - also the crazy twitch chat.
Good job guys.
Squeezing in a donation before the end! Thanks for a ton of entertainment and all the hard work from everyone involved!
Here's to this last race, good job guys. Going the distance and not sleeping to finish this last race.
Just wanted to get my first donation for a GDQ before the event was over. Love what you guys do and am already excited for the next AGDQ! Donation goes to winners choice!
I made it in time! Amazing cause, amazing runners, amazing SGDQ!
Wanted to donate before it ended. Cheers for the awesome event. 
All I want to say is thank you to everyone who made this awesome event possible.
I just want to see the total say 1234567 for a second. Thanks to all of you for being so awesome. It's so good to see this many people come together and raise so much for MSF.
Shut up and take my last-minute donation. :)
Greetings from Germany
congratulations on the money, here's some more
Go Biinny!

Congrats everyone at SGDQ.  Another great event!
HELLO EVERONE!!!
So stoked that all four of you nailed early ellies!!! Good job, fam. Here's the extra 40, as promised!
Unlikely a small donation will get read this late in the marathon but in case it does I wanna say thanks so much to everyone; the runners, the organizers, the announcers, the tech team, everyone who helps put this amazing event together. I've been watching for 3 or 4 years now and it's truly inspiring to see. I look forward to these every year.
Well done to everyone involved in this incredible cause. The amount raised has defied all expectations. It is so great to see this simply amazing Super Mario 64 race, congratulations to all! WhAAAAAAAAAA!!
Give me your best Waluigi "WAAAAAAAAH"

Also Twitch Chat spam Klappa for this amazing race.  Fantastic way to close out SGDQ 2016
So glad that I get off of night shift early and have a chance to catch the SM64 run. Good luck to the rest of the runners. Game on! 
GDQ restores my faith in humanity. Much love to the staff, runners, viewers, supporters and the doctors. Love will always win.
EZ Follow YouTubeBrock, I'm the best
Im glad i got the chance  to see this year's  sgdq and agdq and because of that i will  do my usual  5.00 donation  to help thanks for this year's  sgdq and save the animals 
To this day, my cousin is still convinced that Mario says "Let's pickle" when entering stages.

This is my last donation of the marathon, thanks to all the runners, support staff, and donators. You all deserve a huge round of applause for all the good you've brought to this world.
My girlfriend and I are loving this race. Super Mario 64 made me want to become a professional game designer. Thanks to all the runners for blowing our minds on a Saturday night. 
I have been addicted to the stream all week. You guys did a great job for a great cause. Now take this fifty dollars to save the animals
Go, Biinny! Go Biinny! GO!   cheekyMIPS
Don't have much to give, but Mario 64 was a huge part of my childhood. It felt wrong not to give after seeing this race in action. Thank you all <3
Enjoying the race guys learning a lot of stuff i didn't know about mario 64 ggs, also stop making me stay up so late lol
This event has been awesome, I'm so glad I was able to catch it live this year.
You guys are awesome. I love watching runners that put all their effort in improving their times. If I had enough time I would try to pick up a game to run myself :) 
god speed you.
You've shown that playing video games is an act of love...so many nostalgic titles being done quick, while raising money for a great cause. Thank you!
CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG
Thx as always
You guys are kicking ass. This is great. Let's-a-go!
Please destroy these games we love with every ounce of  youreffort to make charity dollars
I hope that I'm not too late to donate!
Thanks to everyone who made this possible!
For me, this is one of my favorite weeks of the year, it's like xmas again!
Awesome speedruns, awesome players, pretty much, awesome everything.
You guys rock!
=)
Cheeese babe! Best of luck, wish I could have been there, if only I hadn't broke my leg. RIP
Proud of you all and best of luck! Love 64 as always and thank you for donating your time so I will donate this! 
Here's to vaccinations.
I'm sad to see the event come to a close, but just so hype for going above and beyond last year's goal! Until winter comes, let's keep the gaming going and the speed running alive! Bless you all for your hard work and dedication, and see you in several months!
My name is A Joy. I've watched every day this week. I love games. Please announce me.
The hype for this race is so real that I had to donate again. Also Over Million Dollars HYPE
is mario the one with the mustache? 
First time watching SDGQ live, this run has been great and congratulations to all the runners and staff! It really makes military life more manageable as this was something to look forward to, and I definitely look forward to future runs.
Congratulations on breaking one million!  Can't wait until the next speed running event. This week has been a blast. Thanks for providing a way for gamers to come together and do something good for others!
Thank you!
Thanks MV and all the french restream team!
Here's to the speed runners flying through Super Mario 64 . We are Lakitu fly along with you. #MarioPuns
First Time Donating and this marks my third time watching GDQ. Even though we are at the end, I have no problem donating towards a good cause. To all of the people at GDQ: Thanks for yet another great event and thank you for all the laughs and surprises you have provided for me. Here's to many more GDQs down the line and Super Mario 64 HYPE!  
I love Games Done Quick
Hype for this amazing 70 star race!  Let's-a-go!
First time watching a GDQ event, and it has been amazing. There are some really inspirational runners out there and the community seems really loving and inclusive. Thanks for all the runs and I'm looking forward to tuning in again at the next event!
It's half a ten-dollar donation!
Doctors without Borders is a fantastic cause. Wish I could donate more but rent is killing me. Have a good night everyone! congrats on breaking the 1mil.... again.
Thank you for organising yet another awesome event for such an awesome cause. Keep up the amazing work and good luck to all the SM64 runners!
Hi guys! 3rd time watching 1st time donating, couldn't let SGDQ finish without donating at least a bit of money

Let's finish this with a blast

Also shoutouts to SimpleFlips
JUST IN TIME I HOPE
Puncay, Cheese, and Simply first got me into speedruns and I've never looked back. I'm always so excited for GDQ events and this year was no exception. Thanks to everyone for making this one so great. Now let's get some HYPE for this race.
Tell Simply I love him and Duluth loves him from Elliot
Already given several times this week, but what the heck, one more won't kill me. Good luck to all the racers!
Thanks for the amazing GDQ, keep up the good work!
This is sadly all I have right now, but I'd be sad not to donate more, especially for Mario 64
I am one of puncays subs!
Hey Puncay its me the wet wipe wizard here to give you god RNG for your sick URN!
I was looking forward to this GDQ the most since I've started watching GDQ's, but unfortunately I missed it all because sometimes life happens. I'm just glad I'm here to witness the end, and here's to many more. One love. 
I'd like to give a shout out to Support Class for their amazing on screen graphics the last few GDQs! Hope I'll be able to attend a GDQ next year!
Thanks for giving us nocturnal people something to do over the week. Im so happy to finally witness GDQ live. Here is to many more.
For the first time ever, I'm finally able to  donate after all these years of watching.  Thank you to all the staff that puts in all the hard work, and to everyone who has made it possible to break records for just playing a bunch of games.  Had to donate during my favorite speed run game, Mario64.  LETS GO PUNCAY!
I'm always so nervous about writing a comment. No amount of good words can justly highlight the good coursing through the life blood of these events. What a good predicament to be in. This world is made of love and peace!
DS DAD! You are wearing a wonderful green shirt today. We are so glad to see you here again and we, Twitch chat, would like it if you waved to the camera for us!
Love Games done quick! HYPE!
Wowza, my first time watching and I am blown away at this community coming together for such a great cause! Dobje mum, dobje chesch.  Much love!
My first live gdq thanks to all <3 
Thanks for cheering me up from a bad week. Speed runners were amazing and big shoutout to the SGDQ Staff for all there hard work and dedication!
I forgive you Mario. I watched SGDQ this week and I'm feeling the love!
I barely caught SGDQ this year because my big boy job has me working all week, but I would be remiss if I didn't donate. Not sure if the animals lived or were killed but oh well, super Mario RPG was fun to catch. Until next year!
I've made a lot of silly comments and jokes over the last week, but in my heart I love all of you. You guys are amazing, the staff, the runners, and the audience! Stay true to yourself!
Last minute donation. What an amazing event this year. Thanks and congrats to all the runners for their hard work.
I don't have a lot right now, but I'm happy to help with what I can. the GDQs are amazing and support amazing causes, thank you for hosting such an amazing event and bringing such an awesome community together.
I love you guys and what you do! Mario 64 race hype!!!
Greetings from Sweden!
I woke up early this sunday to be able to see the finale!
Thanks for a great event for a great cause!
GDQ is saving lives rights now, never forget that. but killl the animals all the same
P P M D Kreygasm
Thanks for running such an amazing event, keep it up!
grats on the success of this marathon. hi to all my friends
DS DAD what game is he playing? 
Thanks for the amazing event once again, I wish there was a GDQ every day to look forward to... 

PS, If I can hear the announcer say "Chungo" I will donate 5 more dollars
Thanks for everything! Can't wait until AGDQ!
This is great to end the stream off with and you guys just raise so much money it makes me feel happy, great job guys.
Super Mario 64 HYPE! #Team Biinny. Love Leo. 
@puncayshun: Deathmask Divine HYPE!
Just helping out :)
This is absolutely an awesome idea, I wish I could have watched this marathon from the beginning.  None the less, have fun all.  
Thank you for all of the wonderful memories this year. First time donating. Special shout out to all of the technicians and behind the scenes workers. 
I'm not able to donate much but I want to contribute to this great cause and help as much as i can. Thank you everyone for everything you do! 
First time donater, couple year watcher. Introduced to this awesome event by me ex, but definitely a positive memory that I haven't missed an AGDQ/SGDQ event since. Shout out to Sam Eustace from B.C, Canada.
Glad to a part of this years SGDQ by Donating. First time donator!
We are so very proud of all the speed runners, what a great cause. Special thanks to all who have made this event possible. Loved the Old Man River song. Go Simply Go!!! Love Simpmom and Simpdad
I love what you're doing almost as much as I loved Super Mario 64 when I was a teenager! (I LOVED that game) great event, thanks for everything.
You guys are the best!
Here's to another great GDQ
Lets keep this hype train rolling
Great marathon as always!
Currently preparing my third cup of coffee to prepare for the Mario 64 run. Here's to sleeping until noon on Sunday!
Shoutouts to Simpleflips!
Here's 25 dollars to get they guy in the blueshirt with the beard to wave back. ya look great dude! 
One more donation-I'll eat from home tomorrow! Thanks to SGDQ Super Mario RPG is TRENDING on twitter. A classic and the best RPG, ever, getting the recgonition it deserves!
Great SGDQ!! Good job runners and tech teams. Finishing out strong with the SM64 70 start. See everyone next year for AGDQ!!
did the math and, not including shirts i bought from the yetee, i've donated exactly 150 over the past week. might as well round that up to a solid 200! take my money!
mario HYPPEE
also
WAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Wobbuffet!
This donation goes to Puncay's wet wipe fund and an all-around great event. Thanks to everyone that made this possible!
I want Mariooooooo!
Checked how much I've donated so far, and thought I'd make it a round 100. Awesome event, and I'm so hyped for the 64 run!
chesHeart
Super Mario RPG and Mario 64 back to back. Perfect way to end my Birthday. Keep up the great work.
I truly wish I could finish off by giving more, but this is all I can spare after all my other donations. Thanks for everyones time and effort to make these past few days amazing! Keep it up, can't wait for the next GDQ! 
I didn't need to sleep anyway, first time donating and I'm glad its going to a good cause
(Please read during Mario 64 intro, Island Hop is the first star!)

I've decided to donate extra this year based on how swag the Mario 64 goes. Runners, for each of you that even attempts Island Hop, I will donate an extra $10 each. I will also donate an additional $10 for each Lava Boost Early Ellies in Bowser in the Fire Sea. Good luck guys! It's been a blast hanging with you all week!
Loved watching all speed runs this week. This is a great marathon and even better that it goes to charity.  A big thank you to all the speed runners and their dedication. 
Glad I managed to catch GDQ again. I enjoyed it last time and am enjoying now.
PS. When I was a kid, I always dropped all the baby penguins off the edge in the snow level in Super Mario 64. 
Good luck to everyone!
Ty for playing one of my favorite games smrpg.
Hey guys, i've been watching all week and it's made my week off work amazing. I'd like to thank the staff, runners and everyone else for making this event worth watching. Unfortunately i'm needed back at work so i'll miss the finale. See you next GDQ. WAAAAAAHHHHH!
Been watching since 2014, always love the Super Mertroid 4 way speed runs, among others. Keep the good work, and HYPE for bonus streams comeback!

Thank you for doing this.
Rock on for donating your time and talent to raise money for Doctors Without Borders!


It was super awesome to see SMRPG ran with such precision.  I can't wait for our encore race of SM64.  Thank you Runners and Crew!  And I am happy to donate to such a worthy cause.  I hope to make it to both events next year.  This had made me get into running and I hope to join you all on the couch or in the hot seat!
We especially woke up to see the end of this awesome event, thank you for helping those awesome people from Doctors without borders <3
Last of the marathon, great runs this year and can't wait for AGDQ!
Let´s go Finland. Meet you at the market!
Does it have to end? No it doesn't! Time to find the car keys, Drink Pepsi, and Speed Run myself.
Go go Mario!
Rock on! It's been another amazing week of speedruns and donations, let's close it out on a high note!
Can't stop, Won't Stop!
Money's tight this year, but I wanted to get something in. I'm so proud of everyone for coming together to for charity. As a soldier, I can tell you that NGOs like this are crucial for bringing aid and relief to disaster areas and war zones in ways that militaries just can't.

Shout-out to the announcer for doing a great job. Let's get these last donations in for Doctors Without Collision Detection!
Thank you for the wonderful week, of wonderful people doing wonderful things! This is the best I can comfortably donate, but someday I hope to give so much more!
Good cause, and good event!
<3
It's a drop in the bucket at this point, but currently it's all I can afford to give.

I genuinely think this was the best GDQ event yet and want to express my thanks.
Hi everyone first off chat needs to give themselves of clappas, and I wanted to say that it my first time attending the event and I definitely want to attend next year.
It's been a very emotional experience watching SGDQ this year and enjoying it with everyone else! Hoping this last run will be an thrill for everyone. Thank you all!
PUSH THE LIMIT 

BREAK A NEW GDQ RECORD

ITS POSSIBLE?

ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ GO PUNCAY GO ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
Donating one last time, while the marathon is still on, because I won't be able to donate while watching replays on Youtube in the coming months.  Wonderful job everyone involved!
Thank you AGDQ for making being sick at home less sucky.
Hallo!
jeeeeeeeeeeeeeej
I missed the past couple days of the marathon and came back to 1.2 million! Thanks to everyone, especially the donation readers that are surprisingly still alive after reading SO much!
a SM64 race, WAH please
Awesome job guys! I'm looking forward to the next GDQ!
help the borg are everywhere
Upward and onward! Lets race for the stars for Doctors Without Borders! Mario Forever Hype!
Because smrpg is hands down my favorite snes game love watching it thank you for everything 
If you read this, I'll double it :).  Andy K is a noob.
Congratulation on making the goal
That piano that you can't see, it used to scare me as a kid
Gotta get a last minute donation in! SGDQ was great and it always brings a slight tear to my eye when these events are over. Thanks to everyone who donated and to all the streamers, commentators and volunteers who make these events happen. Thank you everyone.
GDQ is such a great community, and everyone that helped make it happen or donated should feel great about themselves. Especially you if you're listening Lange; see you on stream for TotH soon you big softy.
Been watching GDQ events for years now and I've gotta wonder; am I the only one who gets teary eyed at the end of them? BibleThump
Well, have to give a last donation for a great event.
Go player 3 for the race, not sure why but player 3 always win.
Congratulations SGDQ, everyone there and watching is amazing.  SMRPG if the best video game of all time. Thank you for everything and keep changing the world with your amazing runs and kindness!
Keep upp the good work. 
This is a great event. This is a worthy charity. Thanks for all you do.
Had to donate for a great game!
Long-time watcher, first-time attending. Thanks to all of the staff and runners for a fantastic GDQ.
SGDQ and AGDQ are some of the few events I look forward the entire year (better than xmas yo!). 

I hope this donation helps with setting a new WR for donations. 

Keep being awesome!
Sending $20 from Sweden, first time for me following this event and I will definitely tune in next time as well!

Please don't sign off SGDQ BibleThump BibleThump BibleThump
Awesome SGDQ this year; let's reach that goal!
Great event, and even though there is still a little left to go, I can say it was one of the best ones yet.  Watched as much as I could all week, and from the great runners to the excellent production value, there was always something to put a smile on mine, and everyone else's face.   Thanks so much for putting this on, and looking forward to all the new runners inspired from this week.  Speed on!
Hey!! You are awesome and its such a great cause! Thank you from germany
Love #GDQ, thank you from a viewer who loves what you do, AND how often the players invite people to join them in speed running. I love that welcoming attitude and it's one of the reasons I've been watching for a few years now!
CUP!
Great event! Specially loved the SMRPG run. 
I only started watching these marathons a year ago but now I'm hooked and can't stop watching them. Thanks for all the amazing runs.
Greetings from down under,  Super Mario 64 is my favourite game, and i always love to see people perfecting it. GDQ's are always fun to watch and a great way to raise money. Good luck with the run.
One more to make it 150 even. HYYYYYYPE!!!!
TEAM MYSTIC!!!
SGDQ, what is good in life? To crush your previous year's funding goals, see mario64 played before you, and hear the songs of your speed runners.
Last minute donation for you guys being awesome. Party on and keep making a difference.
I have never donated but this is my 3rd time watching the marathon.  Thanks to all the entertainment this week. I had a rough week of work, but knowing I could come home and watch the marathon helped.
For Old Man River
Long time watcher, first time donating -- What a fantastic event, props to every runner this week, my wife Lisa and my girls, Gwen and Roxy, had a blast watching this week, and can't wait for the next GDQ. You guys do so much good for charity, it's amazing.
Great GDK this year.  Always glad to stave off work to watch this every six months.
Woooo! Last minute! 5 bucks for all the games! 5 bucks for everything and all!
Love the amount of dedication and time you guys put in.  Here's to helping an awesome cause!
<3
It's been amazing watching all the cool runs! And such a great evening to conclude on with Mario RPG. Glad to see SM64 70 star race made it. Good luck & thanks to all the runners for a great show!
Just reminding that we are only 5k away from a 8 million total over GDQ events! Come on, we can do this!
Great work! Now, SMRPG low level run hype?
Shave the animals.
Hey guys!

I've been watching the GDQ events for around 3 years now and thought it was about time for me to donate, even if just a little bit.

Greetings from Brazil.
Thank  you all for providing a place for us to donate.  The fact that this goes to a good cause is why I am happy to send money.  You all are what we gamers should aspire to be.

Thank You
Thanks everyone. You're all amazing!
Loved watching these streams but only now am I able to lend a hand to the cause. Well done to everyone!
Just putting in some last minute cash! I haven't gotten to donate yet so I'm fixing that!
Sm64 all day baby. WAHHHHHHH
First time watching SGDQ live. Can say i was not dissapointed. Wish I had donated earlier, but better late than never.
Because you didn't get enough feebies, I decided to give 5 dollars to each feebies in the run. Here you do!
Congrats to Lack Attack for a successful SMRPG run
Great run! Hype to see Super Mario 64 after this and of course hear pie sing Old Man River.
Loved watching the runs this year so decided to donate, this year's SGDQ was great!
Great Speedruns and a great cause! Always a pleasure to tune into the Games Done Quick community and experiencing these great speedruns through a great community!
Thank you for SGDQ for a wonderful marathon to bring my whole family together for an interest in gaming.  Quick shout out to all of them: Raine, Leighton, Savannah, and Torin.  Woot-Woot SGDQ!!  Can't wait for the next one.
This game is the best of Weeeeeeeh. I still remember renting a N64 and taping our gameplay to watch it inthe days after. Here's some money towards the 64 run. GO MEMORIES. (weeeh)
Here's to passing last year's total!
*one up sound*
Just reminding Lack how much damage he's supposed to do with super jumps.  This is for the D!!!
Been watching for a few years, first time donating. Great cause, great event! Thanks to all the runners and everyone who helped make it great!
Donating to bump that final donation count up a bit! This year was my first GDQ I attended in person and I look forward to many more. Good luck Lackattack!
Sick super jumps!!
First time donating to this keep up the great work 
I love you SGDQ
1.22 million HYPE! Amazing job on this run, lack! So much fun to watch with all the new strats since Checkers' run in 2015. WAAAAAAH
Just finished my work week not too long ago and wasn't able to watch the marathon all week like I used to. But coming home to see what the speedrun community can do for others puts a huge smile on my face. Thanks to everyone who contributed in anyway during SGDQ! <3 FrankerZ
Long time watcher, first time donating -- What a fantastic event, props to every runner this week, my wife Lisa and my girls, Gwen and Roxy, had a blast watching this week, and can't wait for the next GDQ. You guys do so much good for charity, it's amazing.
So glad to be up watching the end of SGDQ. Hooray for beating last year, and hooray for more Mario!
[[ IIIII FEEEEEEL....HAPPY? ]]

You cannot comprehend the true form  of this donation.
I should go to bed, but the jumps keep drawing me in.
come on put mallow in.
Hey everyone, great job on surpassing the last goal. Hopefully, we can do the same at AGDQ 2017. I donated at the very beginning of the marathon; while 5.00 is not a lot, I still felt compelled to give just that little bit extra like everyone else.
Let's make next year's SGDQ goal even higher!
I almost forgot to donate. I'll remember to donate more during AGDQ! Great work, guys! 
Just woke up and heard something about singing. I want to hear singing.
HYPE PogChamp
We Did It Y'all ! ! !
$1.2Mil WE MADE IT!! 
So amazing. Really a giant thank you to everyone involved.
Thanks GDQ for an amazing marathon! 

Already donated my limit, but we need to blow that record out of the water! Here's my contribution.

I can't wait for the next GDQ event (especially if Yoshi's Woolly World gets on the schedule!)

Thank you to all the runners, fans, announcers, and crew for an awesome job. You rock!
Only been following on twitter, but wanted the fun to continue for you guys. Here's to the Mario 64 4-way race!
Go mario go!
Great job guys, this is a great cause and great runs 
Just like every GDQ, this one is blowing my mind! A big thanks to all the runners, staff, and folks watching and donating. You're all my heroes!
I wish i could give more for my first time donating but i made a promise to donate this year  and there is no way im not going to participate  in this amazing event! 
Missed most of the runs I was looking forward to, due to work and real-life, but I'm going to watch the YouTube replays!
S/o to everyone who made this fundraiser possible!
We just broke the record so let's set a new one! Don't stop now!
Better late than never <3
You cant finish a GDQ without donating! Keep it ups guys, thanks for this Great Event 
We broke the record!
I've been watching all week and Doctors Without Borders is a great group.
Gotta contribute to this amazing run. Thanks to everyone that has done their part to make this event happen.
The past couple of weeks have proven trying times for many. Yet amidst that a light has shined, a community united to celebrate the skills of many while simultaneously raising money to make a difference in the world. Thank you all who have participated in this event, whether as organizers, runners, or spectators. It's been great.
Keep it up! Almost there
For the record! WAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
Awesome event, great cause, fun times all around. Congratulations to everyone who helped pull this off. And remember, the cake is a lie!
WAAAAAH
c:
Congrats to all the runners on another amazing marathon!

Let's go Twitch, gotta beat that donation PB!
Lets break another record, shall we?
It's  the last of my grocery money. We can do it!
Making my donation a nice even number, and this should tip the scales (if they haven't already!)
This is two more donations then I had planned on making this week but... Gotta get that Mario 64 HYPE!
SM 64 HYPE!
Can't donate anymore than this, but seeing those big donations makes me want to contribute just a little, Lets go chat, 10 dollars each and we will get there easily!!
Waaaa!
KING BIINNY IN THE HOUUUUSSSEE!
LETS A GOO
First time donating and I wanted to donate on my favorite game of all time!. Thanks for the great week of games!  
We got this!
For my favorite game as a child, Super Mario 64!
Doing 100 super jumps with over 100k people watching, you have my respect. Really looking forward to sm64
Let's go Mario 64 <3
Another $25 for a great cause.
Thanks for a week of entertaining fun! I look forward to seeing another games done quick in the near future, but for now - keep on being awesome!
We can do ittt
Can someone ROM hack Waluigi into Super Mario 64? WAAAAHH



btw this $5 is for the SM64 deal jeezo WAAAAH
HYPE
WAAAH HYPE
This is the last bit I can give, SM64 HYPE!!!
MARIO! WAAAAAHHHH 
Love GDQ!
I'm poor so I can only donate so much, but I wanna see that sm64!
SM64 HYPE!!!
I'm helping!
WAAAAH
Lovin the Wario "Waaahs!"
Every little bit helps let's do this!
Had to donate!
Here's my little bit to chip in.
Finally a late night impulsive decision that will actually end up going well
It's not much, but every little bit helps!
I'm unemployed and homeless. Been watching these speedruns for the past week through the free wifi at our local starbucks and, after 10pm, the bar. Thanks for making my summer just a little bit more happy.

SGDQ HYPE!
Doing my part to keep this marathon even just a LITTLE bit longer!
I've watched archives of previous GDQ events, but this is my first year watching live and first donation, this whole week has been mind-blowing, I'm already so excited for the next one. Let's get that last incentive and break that record!
Hello! Great work once again, everyone!
Here's five dollars.

If everyone else watching who can afford $5 donates, we'll hit the goal for sure.
Waaaaaaaah
Such an amazing event from start to finish, and what an triumph with the amount donated this year.
Watched for a year now, this is my first time donating.  Keep raising money for good causes, Games Done Quick you are amazing!
Shout out to hash geek on PonyChat and all our friends at Derpibooru!

Donation goes to runner's choice.
FrankerZ
WE MUST MAKE IT
Love SGDQ for the awesome games, the entertaining speedrunners, and of course the great cause! Let's smash that record! 
I missed the metroid and ff6 prizes nooo
Watching Peach smite robots with lightning from the sky made my night. I have little to give, but please accept this. Waaaaah! Wahahaha!
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
This was all I had left in the pieBux bank account. Old man river hype
love this game had to donate
Great stream. Great cause. Go team!
WE. ARE. SO. CLOSE. No GDQ is complete without the SM64 run. I already know we are gonna make it, so heres to cheering on puncay, you're a beast.
C'mon let's get to that goal!
Thanks for a great week of gaming for a great cause.
Doot doot
Happy to support a great cause.
Such a cool run. Thanks for all the hard work, guys!
Let's make that Mario 64 race happen! I never finished it, so I want to see it just get crushed! $6,000 more, we got this guys!
This is all I could spare. Long live Mario!
Waaaaaaaaaah
Let's get this SM64 run done tonight! Good luck, Lackattack24!
Gotta get that SM64
Thanks to all the runners and staff for putting on an awesome event! Super Mario RPG is one of the first games I've played and has always been my favorite.  Let's see some SM64! 
WAAAAAAAAAH
Can't believe I almost forgot to donate. Let's hear pie's sweet delicious vocal chords.
Take my energy!
Almost there!
Wanted to do my part with another $50. Love this event and everyone involved! P.S. Early AM Trauma Center was AMAZING! WAHHHH
God Bless
Just doing my part to push us above and beyond this year. Let's abolish frames and borders!
For mario 64! HYYYYPE
Fantastic SGDQ this year.  Never fails to amaze me how closely knit and dedicated the community is toward the games that helped define childhoods.  First time donating to charity this year, and I could not think of a better time to donate.  Lets reach that goal!
I love Super Mario RPG and I love these events! I'm in the Army and I really appreciated your professionalism (even though it's mostly just for fun) and dedication to your skills. Furthermore the staff for their work for this cause.  KEEP IT UP MEN! HUA!
One more game please. Also Fizz is a nerd.
I'll double down on this donation if you pronounce my name correctly.
Super Mario 64 HYYYYPPPPEEEEEE!!!
for africa
Hey everyone! Love what you're doing, and I wanted to spread the love a little bit more! Here's to seeing super Mario 64! 
Thank you for all of the fun all week! God bless :)
Puncayshun is the guy that first introduced me to speedrunning. Gotta see him win this SM64 70-star!
Joel get on Skype 
This has been the first games done quick that I've caught as it's happening and outside of messing with my sleep cycle, has been a lot of fun to watch. Thanks to all the folks involved from running to facilitating those runs.

Glad to support a great cause!
SGDQ2016 has been a blast, and if we can extend it a little further that'd be the best!
I've donated every GDQ, even when I couldn't afford it, so now I can, I can't not donate. I didn't get to watch as much as I wanted due to work, but it did provide the money to donate.

 I love everything you guys do and thanks to not only the runners, but the announcers, the sound crew, the audio crew, the techs, everyone else involved in running the GDQs and most importantly, EVERY SINGLE viewer and donator. We couldn't do this without you!
You're all lovely. <3
Donators can set records too.
Let's do it!
neigh
SM64 HYPE!
It's not much but I hope it helps.
Keep on rockin'
Sixty Four!
I had a few more coins in the box. OLD MAN RIVER HYYYYPE
I'm so tired, but it would be a shame to let it end before beating the old total. Good job everyone!
This years event has been awesome! So many great games and great runners, all playing for such a great cause. SM64 HYPE!
Love SMRPG, thanks for everything.
This has been a great SGDQ and you all should be so proud of doing such a great thing. The gaming community can do such amazing things. 
Represent da crew
120 dollars for the 120 stars in Super Mario 64. This has been an awesome GDQ
So many hours of entertainment, I love everything that you do for such a great charity. Keep up the great work!!
Loving this Mario RPG run.  So much nostalgia!
Almost at that Mario 64 number - hyyyyype!
Thought I should donate during this very entertaining SMRPG speedrun. Good luck to the runners and lets reach that goal for Super Mario 64.
Here's to SM64
We need more mario
Gotta beat last years total!
Hi, take 10 money because of speedrunning-awesomeness!
sm64!
Great job this year guys!  This 20 dollars goes to Puncayshun's Wet Wipes fund!  Go Cheese!
Watched for several years, love what you guys are doing.  Keep it up
This is my second year watching SGDQ, I've enjoyed watching the runs all week.
I'm doing my part so more Mario.
FrankerZ
GDQ is such a great event, how can anyone watch and not donate. I've see so many games from my childhood completely and utterly destroyed and hoping to see one more. Lets get that additional mario 64 run!
I love you all. <3

(PS: WWWAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH…)
Get down and get funky.

Good old  RPGs

Can I donate again if the couch does the wave?
Last chance, time to beat $215K. 

Only regret I can't afford more!
PogChamp
Let's go SGDQ 2016! Show that SGDQ 2015 who is boss!
Thank you to all of the runners, and everyone behind the scenes for providing quality entertainment this past week. I don't have much money but I wanted to do my part! Super Mario 64 needs to happen! Love you all!
I think as incentive, Lackattack should agree to drink a died Pepsi on stream if SGDQ 2015 is beaten. Pepsimannnnnn!!!!
CHAT TAKE MY ENERGY!!!! And by take my energy I mean... MATCH MY DONATION!!!!  We can do this with the power of FRIENDSHIP MingLee
This has been an amazing week, and SMRPG is the perfect way to cap it off. Thanks to all the runners for their great performances!
An amazing SGDQ this year. Congrats to all the runners and to everyone behind the scenes. This SGDQ also helped me cope with the death of my 12 year old cat, Midnight. May he rest in piece.
Little late for the mine cart, but great run today, on my favorite Mario game all time.
Thanks for making the a better place. 
Those jumps tho. 
Mario is a god.
yay charity!
Let's go everyone! I'm giving more than what I probably should, but it's all for an amazing cause. Let's  get one more run to end it with a bang! 
Just recently discovered SGDQ and am pumped to see my first live event!  Would've donated more, but I didn't win MegaMillions last night.  Next time!
Thanks for all the hype SGDQ!  Very glad to donate to this cause!
This is all I can afford, fight me irl
#PUSH WARREN
Forgot to donate earlier in the week, so now seems about a good time. Let's set a new PB
This is all I got to give. Thanks for the hours of entertainment and for a great cause no less. Kill the smithy and Save the frames.
3rd donation of the run. I wanted to give my last nod to the little lady who inspired so many. Thank you to everyone for an amazing GDQ! Waahhhhhh!
Come on everyone! We're almost there!! 

My wife and I have been watching you all week and we hope we can see more!

Thanks for the awesome event and keep it up.
I love watching these GDQ events. I saw some great runs of some really cool games this week. Thanks to everyone for making it happen! 

Put this toward more Mario, please!
Lets gooooooooo!
Shout outs to the amazing Foghorn Leghorn impression, Lange.
Doing my part. Love the speed runs.
Shoutout to all the Alaskan viewers!

Can I get a WAH?
Super Mario 64 made my childhood 100% better. Lets go!
i love you guys for doing this event! lets do this! kill the animals!!!!!!
Let's just get there!
Gotta get that last run!
go go go!
#SGDQ Is probably the best gaming event of the year!
Thanks to all the runners, this is such an amazing cause!
Come on guys, if everyone watching donated just a couple of dollars we would hit the target easily so let's get that extra run!
One more donation to pass the goal!
Gotta put in for that sm64 race. We can make it guys! Waaaa!
70 star hype
ESS EMM SIX FOUR
High Five
My first time donating! We can finish strong!
letsa gooooo!!!!
Oh my god do I try
For the Mario 64 run
Thanks for the great runs :)
$$$$$$$$$$$$
SMRPG is the best game ever conceived by man, thanks for showing us how it's done in the name of such an amazing cause!
Papa needs an xbone!
Thanks to all the runners for the fantastic runs! GDQ is always a highlight of my year, and this year's SGDQ has been especially stellar!
Here's to more SGDQ!
I'm doing my part! Come on guys lets hit that goal! Thanks for the great event SGDQ
This used to be a Pepsiman stream :/
Many thanks to everyone for another lovely event. See you at AGDQ 2017!
Much love from Canada.
Awesome event guys, keep up the good work! :)
This is my first donation ever in the 3 years I have been watch SGDQ. Please put it to good use as I would hate to miss such a big game.
Getting that last chance for donations in. Thanks for a great SGDQ this year! 
Thanks for the brilliant week, Pity Aus$ money doesn't go further.  We can do it!
To heck with it here's five more! What an amazing event as always. Thanks everyone for such a great week :)
Have watched the last 5 GDQ events, I have always loved Super Mario RPG was the first RPG that I ever played so I figured It would be a good time to donate. Was a blast to watch AGDQ again this year, can't wait for the next event.
Donating for a great cause. 
Guys, give Goku your energy, raise your dongers... do anything! We gotta hit this goal!

Wait! Do the thing that matters: Donate!
JUST DO IT!
I brought the Shake now you all bring the bake
OLD MAN RIVER HYPE
Lack, I'm having a lot of fun watching this run, but I gotta ask you, when are we gonna see a run of Big Nose the Caveman at a GDQ? :)
Never had a SNES to play SMRPG as a kid, but a pleasure to watch all the same!  Old Man River + SM64 HYPE~!
It's 12:00. It's High Noon.

A line you probably haven't heard in a long time.
Hey guy! Thank you for doing this wonderful event. I haven't been able to follow all of it this week. Glad everything is being uploaded to youtube so I can watch these on my own time :) I was waiting until Mario RPG to donate for those awesome Geno and Mallow plushies! Keep up the good work.
This is one of the hypest events I've  ever had the pleasure of watching, and I don't want this to end! Let keep this donation train rolling everyone!
I don't have as much as this Anonymous guy; he just keeps giving these huge amounts. But here's what I can give for now. Been watching for years now. Hope to make it out in the future and give more when I can!
Make America Great Again!
GOGOGO
The longer this run is, the more time there is to reach the goal. It is time for Summer Games Done... Eventually. Tell Lack to take his time.
I loved SMRPG so much. Although I would have to say that The Thousand year door is a the best Mario RPG. Chill out, relax. AND SM64 RACE HYPE!
Missed most of it throughout the week but had to come for the end!
Here is my contribution to extending SGDQ.  Thank you to everyone who puts this on.  It is awesome to see such a great community come together for a great cause.
I gotta say, such an insanely good event. From the hilarity of the Jak and Daxter run and the Sonic 06 - to the technical skill and knowledge of the Deus X run and the Reze's Low percent. I just had to be apart of the final push! Mario 64 HYPE
Looking forward to that Mario 64 race. We're almost there!
It turns out that creatures need memories so that they can perform wrong warps.
This has been an amazing week and it's time to cap it off with even more Mario!  Thank you, everyone!
Every little bit helps us get to the Mario 64 race. Shoutouts to Alice!
Congrats to everyone who made this week a success. 
Awesome week, awesome people, awesome games, awesome cause. To sum up GDQ in one word: HYPE.
Love SMRPG & have loved yet another GDQ. Here's one more donation in honor of everyone involved in the event, and for the great cause it represents.

Thanks everyone, and see yall next GDQ!
More mario please! 
Let's do this guys!
80$ for next year's save the animals!
Awesome event, awesome cause, thanks to the runners, announcers, and everyone who makes these events happen. 
I know it's not much, but i hope this helps. Thanks for the unforgettable week, and heres hoping for the great end to the run.
If even 1% of people watching now were to donate at least $5, we would blow this total goal out of the water
Races are the best
Sorry I can't give more, I'm a poor uni student.  BibleThump
is that the beautiful runescape player? The one in blue in the middle?
I took this week off from work and have had this stream on the entire time. I've enjoyed every minute of it but don't want it to end after this SMRPG run - bring on SM64! HYPE!
Lets get there!
Mario RPG? How could I not.
I admit it, I was one of those people that watched hours and hours of great runs without donating. I'm making amends and putting some money towards an amazing cause. 

Everything is fine!
Having a great week, haven't donated yet though so fixing that now. Here's to seeing that SM64 race!
I just got home from my very first GDQ. It was an honor and a privilege to attend and run in an event filled with so many wonderful people.

As much as I think the perfect end to the marathon is the one true Final Fantasy, Mario RPG, we can't let it end just yet. Let's get that race underway!
It's been a great SGDQ but why stop now? 
This is the part where everyone chips in, right? Well, I guess I'm part of everyone.
Gotta donate for both my favorite Mario game being destroyed as well as getting Super Mario 64 to be ran. Let's go Puncayshun. Yum!
If everyone donated a dollar for every bounce lack does this run then that would raise.. Umm.. A lot of money and I don't feel like doing math so SUPER MARIO 64 HYPE
I'm donating to keep the Speedrunning going as long as possible. A week of SGDQ is not enough. that Mario 64 run is so close I can taste it. 
Let's go 7 star! we can do this!
My girlfriend and I bonded over this game when we first started dating, and tonight I've finally got her to sit down and watch her first speed run events. 

We wanted to send in what we could to support a great cause and to say thanks for giving us something to bond over again. 
PPMD Kreygasm
Come on chat lets get this done
Why can't I find the Zelda Randomizer donation incentive?

I mean... Good luck Lackattack!  
It's 2am, time to beat a record!
Dooo. Eeeettttt. 
SMK64 LETS GOOOO
Holla from Japan!! My boyfriend made me watch SGDQ but I have thoroughly enjoyed every minute!! Thanks for the great plays all!
Thanks to all the runners and crew for another week of scintillating content in service of charity. You're an inspiration for gamers everywhere!
thanks to all the runners, commentators, support staff and viewers for an excellent SGDQ! so much #Hype
Not ready for it to all be over, one more game!
Thank you to everyone involved in the GDQ events. Great speedruns for a great cause. P.S. COME ON CHAT, DONATE! WE CAN DO IT! 4Head
it's around 8am here in Denmark, and I must cure my hangover with  a Super Mario 64 race
Thought I was done donating, but they threw in that SM64 curveball. It must happen. Come on guys, you can throw in another dollar or two! You don't want it to end, do you?
OH WOW DO YOU SEE THE TIME ON THE CLOCK

THAT MEANS IT'S TIME TO DONATE
GOGOGO
Games done quick has entertained for years and here's to it going for many more to come. Have to give a shout out to the Guildhall Podcast for getting me into it.
Hello announcer!
Haven't seen that much GDQ, but it's always a fun time when I do,  so here's my first donation to meet the goal.
Great event I've seen so far! Even though I haven't been able to watch every run due to work, It has been a blast for every moment I've watched. Keep up the good work!
for more mario
This is only five dollars, but it is worth 70 stars if we can all pitch in a five dollar donation each. Let's do this!
Wait, you're telling me that Mallow isn't a frog..? Next thing you'll be telling me is that Green Mario is named something ridiculous like "Luigi." 

You guys are doing great! Let's get that Super Mario 64 donation goal met and shatter the old SGDQ record!!
My part to that Mario 64 run. Come oooon, Old Man River!
This is my first ever GDQ and it's absolutely amazing.  Thanks to everyone for putting on a fantastic show!
Looks like you still need some help setting a new record. Take this.
Sorry I can't add in more! But here's ten dollars for the SM64 cause! Shout out to the runners, you're doing great! Good luck, guys. Let's hit that goal and see more more more Mario!
More SGDQ!
I challange every single soul watching to donate at least 5$ !   I'll kickstart 100$ to get the ball rolling!
Here's to a great cause, and a great gaming exhibition! Let's make this well worth the time of everyone watching, everywhere in the world!

It took me over a decade to finally get back to Super Mario 64 and get all 120 Stars after I first played. Watching a race to 70 would be more than worth the nostalgia.
I'm so glad I'm in a position to be able to give even a bit back to SGDQ for all the hours of entertainment and good it's brought me and thousands of others. Thanks for the amazing event!
WE WANT SUPER MARIO 64!
And more than anything else, we want more money for MSF!
Here we all work 'long the Mississippi
Im just donating so i can watch an SM64 race. (also to help out a good cause and for the hype)
Long live Doctors Without Borders and their patients! GDQ events are fantastic charity events, and everyone involved should be proud of themselves. Big round of applause and Klappas in Twitch chat for Doctors without Borders, GDQ organizers, and runners! We got this!
I'll match your minimum by 130%
thanks for the great week! :)
this SGDQ was A-Mei-Zing! so many entertaining runs and runners and so much generosity for a great cause. Everybody part of this deserves some high 5s! Penguins shoutout!
Old man river hype!
Donating $10 because someone in chat said they wanted to but could not afford it.
Guys, you aren't seriously going to let those people who ran SGDQ 2015 beat us here, are you? Let's GO!
I'm very proud of all of the runners and every GDQ event makes me happy that so many people are willing to take time out of their lives to help raise money for a worthy cause.

Also, I need 70 star race please.
now seems like the time to get one last minute donation in. SM65 HYYPPEE
clabe
I would be remiss to be watching this all week and *not* donate. Good luck reaching a new top donation total!
Cheers from Japan.
I can afford to eat sandwiches for a couple more days to finally get a donation in to GDQ. You sure know how to tug at a poor college student's heart with Super Mario RPG.
Can't give much, but I will do what I can.
Here's to Mario, my entry into gaming and I have to keep coming back for more. Let's keep these donations coming!
Thanks for taking me back to my grade school days!  I enjoy the commentary.  Keep up the awesome work!
Go!
Been watching all week, and usually have this on the background every year.  Here's to beating 2015!
Letsa go!!!

Mario needs his get some stars as a finisher to a great SGDQ 2016.
Does he really has a fever doe? FeelsBadMan
Let's beat that PB!!!
Doctors without Burgers just sounds wrong.
I pray to the old gods, please 14 year olds in twitch chat try to donate 1 dollar each!
mario rpg is awesome, i am very nostalgic about it, take this l33t money towards your goal.
bring back peaches
Been watching for years now, and was finally driven to donate. It's a great cause, so do it now!
Let's get there.
Five dollars for that hype 9999 Geno Whirl!
First time donating to SGDQ. Shoutout to my favorite game of all time! Thank you for doing what you're doing! #lessthanthree <3
Thanks to all the runners, tech people, and everyone who made this happen! Let's make 1.2!
Praise be, praise be
For SM64
Been watching all week, figure I should finally donate before SGDQ 2016 ends. It's not much, but every little bit helps! Thanks everyone!
This is my third time watching GDQ. You guys are doing wonderful work while giving me some of the greatest entertainment on the internet. I mean, where else will you get Pepsi Man! Let's get this final goal done and help those Doctors across those borders.
TY For the awesome week!
leggoooo
Here's ten bucks for the SM 64 run. Let's get some more Mario up in here!
I thought this was suppost to be a speed run, not a walkin.... lets do this sm64 run baby !!
Doing my part!
For Mario! 
More Mario!
Ok, I seem to be asked to donate ... and damn I have no self control ;)
Great marathon; as always ;) finally ending :(
I've been watching GDQ since about 2013 but, now that I'm out of grad school and no longer disgustingly poor, I can finally donate!  I wanted to donate sooner but I kept passing out on the couch when the games I wanted to donate during were on... sorry about that. This is an amazing thing that you all pull  and I hope to continue watching for years to come. 
Loved SMRPG when I was growing up, still get excited when I pick it up now. Felt the need to donate to support a great cause, and because the Geno and Mallow plushies are so cute! Good luck on the rest of the run, kick Smithy's butt!
This run sponsored by Blockbuster Video. Best of luck to lack attack and mention GDQ at your local blockbuster tomorrow for a free video rental if lack PBs!
Loving this Super Mario RPG run! Thanks SGDQ for what you all do and thanks being a way for my brother and I to connect many many miles away! Also Pie how much do we need to give to have the announcer sing with ya? Money for 70 star race.
WAAAAAAAAhNE more game!!
WAAAAAAAhNE more game!!!

A big thank you to all for another great year!
Doing my part for more Mario
LETS GET THAT MARIO RUN GOING 
EVERYONE DONATE 5 DOLLARS!!!!!!!!
$50 for that amazing Christopher Walken impression. We must cure that fever! With more Mario!
Thanks for the awesome week! I enjoy watching all the speed runs and I'm always sad to see the end. So here is for one more run!
More Mario!!
Let's get it!
This was my first GDQ that I attended, and it was an absolute blast.  Thanks to all the runners for sharing their knowledge and skills about all the games, and a huge thanks to the staff who made sure everything ran smoothly.
Mario run please
1.2 mil HYPE
Mario 64? More like Waluigi 64!
WE GOT THIS! ONE MORE GAME! ONE MORE GAME! ALSO <3 IATEYOURPIE OLD MAN RIVER HYPE!
I made some money at a convention today working at the artist alley and wanted to give some of my proceeds to you guys. Sorry it's not more, but it's what I made after paying off my table and other costs. I can think of no better place to spend the proceeds - especially since the Sonic block inspired one of my offerings. Let's see some Mario 64!
Thank you for playing one of my favorite games from my childhood, one of the first games that I ever played seriously. And thank you for accepting donations for a fantastic foundation.
Please read:

MARIO MARIO MARIO MARIO MARIO MARIO
But what are frogs?
Hi, just five but like Inafune said, better than nothing :)
OH BOY!
Lets get the donation train started come on guys!
SM64 is the game of my childhood - let's get those donations in!
Took me over one hour to manage this payment, but hopefully it works now. WAAAAAH
I love speedruns and I want to see more.  Just take my money already!
realy loving the event, let's go for SM64!!
NEED THAT SM64 RACE 4 REAL SON LIKE IM SO SERIOUS RIGHT NOW
Let's keep this thing going with the second ;);););) best mario game!!!!!! Last game HYPE!!!
:]
$5 hype!
We can beat the donation goal guys!  Let's get the sm64 race and Old man river song!
Never even knew there was a mario rpg besides paper mario.  this is awesome
Let's get it done!  This has been a great event, I've enjoyed participating when I could this week.
My second donation. 
Don't save the animals, they give us bacon!
Woo Let's go SM64 Hype
Thank you for providing great content, never seen Super Mario RPG speed ran, and would like to see a live SM64 run. DONATION HYYYYPPPPPEE
Stick for a body,
head full of straw, give me
a scarecrow, rah, rah, RAH!
It's been a great week, thank you everyone.
Let's break that record and get that race!
I am an Aussie who has been watching all week and waiting for the SM64 run to see my man Biinny take on the 70 star challenge! I am donating $48.43 which is Biinny's PB time! Go Biinny! Cheeky Brew!
Gotta do my part to get that encore!
Twitch chat said "donate 5 bucks" so here they are. Now everyone else chip the *blip* in dammit! 
Every little bit helps, so here's my little bit!
Love this community so much, such an amazing job by everyone! Is that Skybilz I hear announcing? She's my favorite runner! Hopefully we can see a Zelda Randomizer race next AGDQ!
First time donating after matching many of these events, always a blast every time i watch this. Lets keep on trucking! PogChamp
SM 64 HYPE!!!!
Chant it crowd. One more game. One more game. One more game.
I really want that Super Mario 64 run, and all those other awesome prizes. Thanks to everyone for a great event! 
Looks like chat is giving up, nah i don't think we can let that happen over the SM64 race can we??
For Liz
Saw the counter at 1,182,990 - couldn't help but put in enough to round out that number :)
Great marathon this year guys! Heres to the bonus 70 star. HYPE!
This has been an amazing SGDQ. Thanks to all the runners for the awesome runs. I wasn't able to catch everything live, but I'll watch the recordings of the things I missed. Here's my contribution to beat last year's donation total!
nerdMFW
WE NEED SM64
Second Donation this SGDQ C'MON GUYS LETS BEAT LAST YEAR!
let's get SM64
Let's make this Super Mario 64 run happen! Thanks for a great SGDQ and to everyone supporting a great cause!
This GDQ has inspired me to finally get into speedrunning. Thank you for all the amazing entertainment this past week! RIP the animals :(
First Time watching, first time donating. Keep up the good work, much respect. Come on twitch chat, we can do this! SM64 Hype!
but before we reach our goal, we have to talk about parallel universes
I don't have much, but donating $5 for the second time. Come on everyone, we can do this! 
TAKE MY STRENGTH
ONE MORE GAME. ONE MORE GAME.
Every year we'm amazed by GDQ, from the runners crushing so many games, the entire community (WORLD!) raising so much money, and all the folks working behind the scene for such a great cause. Here's my last donation for tonight and this year. Let's finish strong and get all 70 stars!!! 
Mario Yippee 
MUST HAVE SUPER MARIO 64 RACE!!!!!!!!!!
Shoutout to Pie on the couch and heres to a run with good Super Mario RNG!
Our progress has been remarkable, but the fight is not over.  There's still one more goal for us to reach, and I know that we can do it.

Now is the time to act. If everyone in chat donated just $5 right now, we'd be well over our goal.  Whether you have good taste or demon tendencies, love or hatred of animals, we can put aside these differences to unite to help SAVE the world.  

This is Uncle Samus, and I want YOU to donate $5.
Thank you all for an awesome week. Got to watch GDQ with my 11 month old son, and he loved watching the different games.  Great memories made and I can't wait for AGDQ in January. 
Doctors without borders, so this donation is too.
Let's keep donating i know we can get the race to happen!
!
We can totally make it! Thanks for running my one of my favorite games of all time, let's make it to the SM64 run!
With the way things are going right now in Dallas and unfortunate situations that escalated, this is a good way to put some good into the world and at the same time watching some sick games being broken. Never donated before but I plan on doing so from now on. Keep up the good work, homies. Much love. 
I <3 you Boo
Without a doubt, Super Mario RPG is the most fun you can have on the SNES. I remember every single detail of this run, and I haven't  played it through in at least 10 years. Shoutout to the 502 Krew, Lack, and the couch for their incredible commentary.
Don't ask for much, but can Calebhart42 lift Pie for gains and help MSF?
COME ON!
EVERYONE, LEND THE DOCTORS YOUR POWER

DONOR BOMB
Would love to see last year's GDQ donation total get broken, and i'm not planning on sleeping any time soon, would love to see a smb64 run.  WAH!
As a pro game developer, I love the reactions in the studio office when we watch one of our games get destroyed by these amazing runners. Shoutouts to the tech crews, announcers, and behind the scenes people keeping this awesome show going.
It's only a little, but I want to do my part to make SM64 happen.  Lets do this!
I rarely get the chance to see the event out like this, and I'm psyched that it's ending with an amazing game. Much love.
We could hit the donation goal right away if about 6000 of us out of the 100 thousand plus watching donated 5 dollars. Let's do it boys! Speaking as a poor student, even our little donations can make a difference, both here and for people around the world.
pieSnug
for the mario race
Chat pressure israel
Gotta get dat Mario 64 run! Shoutout to the hostess with the mostess Skybilz!
Loving the event, keep up the great work!
for sigurdson
SGDQ, let's break our PB!! 1,215,601 HYPE!!
I've watched GDQ couple times and always proud to see what gamers can do in terms of playing and donating to good causes. Here is my contribution.
One more game! We can do it guys!
Let's keep these donations rolling in.
Kappa 123
can i get some Kappa spam for old times sake. thanks
This SGDQ has been awesome and an SM64 run would be the cherry on top! Hoping this little bit helps. WAH!
Every bit counts! 
<3
5 bucks for some first frame wall kicks
<3 <3 <3
Happy to donate to my favorite seasonal entertainment. Thank you all for your effort, enthusiasm and camaraderie.
We can do it!
Super Mario Sixty-Four!!!
Another $20 because I MUST have Mario 64 BabyRage
C'mon Twitch chat. I really don't have more money. GOGOGOGOGOGO for that SM64 run!!
Sad I missed Super Metroid, so here's my $50 to SM64 race. Another Favorite from my childhood
For SM64 race
I'm sitting here watching all these $500 and $1000 donations coming in and thinking that there's no point in giving just $5. But then I saw that there are over 100,000 people watching on Twitch. If only a tenth of you give $5 then we'll blow past our goal. Please, if you can, DONATE DONATE DONATE!  I want to see Super Mario 64!
Thanks for letting me relive my fav game of all time!
Hodor hodor hodor!
Lets break that record
Wat up fam
Rock on.
The marathon started with Super Mario Sunshine, let's end it with SM64! 
(Kilby voice) HiiiiiiiiIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiii
Alright, I thought I was done donating, but iateyourpie singing "Old Man River"?!?! This needs to happen!!!
Alright, alright, one more!
Donating for a great event put on by a great community to support an even greater cause. Congratulations to all the runners!
Thanks for the amazing event! And for the amazing run! I wonder what would happen if everyone watching put in $5... i'm sure it would make the tracker go "WAAAAAAAAAH"
To answer Mallow's question, we are Bruce Lee and we'll smash that 64 k. Geno whirl hype.
I usually give 50$ per GDQ, upping by 5 for the sub 2 minutes mini game. Awesome week!
Lets keep this event going and crush the previous record!

The sky is the limit!
Saw the golden kappa, had to donate.
Mario serving out the two piece and a biscuit! Really enjoying the event.
First time donating to this awesome event and for such a wonderful cause. Keep up the great work and lets see that SM 64 Run!
Here's $50 just because you're running Super Mario RPG.  Easily the best Mario game ever!  SGDQ2016 HYPE!
Always try to get a donation in at least once every year. Days of constant entertainment and great fun for a solid cause. Well done everyone involved and look forward to attending one of these events. Cheers!
Mario 64 race HYPE!!
Many drops make an ocean so let it raiiiiin
kill the animals
OLE MAN RIVER!!!!!
For helping those less fortunate. 
Another great year, guys. Thanks for a week of entertainment, I look forward to it!
SM64!!!
I have a fever, and the only prescription is more Mario
HYPE!
Kappa Kappa Keepo OpieOP
Hi GDQ!
Another year, another amazing event, another donation. 
May we continue to gather together and celebrate skill, dedication to great games, as well as saving lives. 
I will double my donation if Caleb reks the couch and/or flexes. 
Donation goes to Lack's choice! Keep up the amazing work. 

Cheers,
Ben
Figured I'd get in right at the end, for my favourite game of all time. Thanks to everyone for another fantastic week+ of amazing runs! 
Gotta get that SM64 race!
I hear there's an old man called the Mississippi, can you tell me more Pie?
Donating $50 plus $20 for each time I accidentally fell asleep this week.  Gotta try to beat last year, OLD MAN RIVER HYPE!!!  I started watching speedruns because of Pie's singing <3
SGDQ is a fantastic event for a fantastic cause.  Now let's hit that SM64 goal!
Match me if you can!
I already donated a few times, but five dollars is a pittance for chat to pay for the SM64 race.

C'mon, you miserly bums! It's five bucks! You can find that in your couch cushions!

$5 each or r9k mode!
Thanks to all of the runners for an awesome week of entertaining runs!
last effort to get another game run
We're so close, we can be heroes today! Not the heroes the world deserves, but the heroes the world needs! Put your wallets up, chat, and give your energy to MSF!
You had me at Old Man River.
a+++, let's do it for doctors without cancer
Love GDQ, always fun to watch after work :).
Get hype for a NEW RECORD
Long time watcher & first time donator. Thanks for the memories, thanks to the team, the crowd, and all the runners at SGDQ 2016. Have a dollar for each star in the SM64 race, let's bust that incentive wide open!
SM64 SM64 SM64 SM64 SM64
I hadn't donated yet, but getting that 70 star run is too good to pass up. Extra 20 for getting sheep attack.
Not much but doing my part. Come on SMB 64! Hype!
I just started watching speed runs and have been loving them. I just found out they were held for a charity called doctors without borders. I did research on them  and they seem like a great charity, with a great cause. Thanks for a great event!
For SM64 and Great Justice
Let's beat SGDQ 2015!!!
Here we GOOOOOOO!
First time donating for SGDQ. What an amazing year and an amazing SMRPG run. Can chat break chat with Kappa? Kappa
100,000 people to reach 45k? That's only 50 cents a person! Let's do it!
It's not much but let's get the ball rolling! AGDQ 2016 this is for you!
For the sm64 race and hearing those sweet pie pipes!!!
#freebetsey
Almost forgot to donate, but thankfully i got it in at the last minute. Love watching you guys every time there is a marathon. Keep doing what you're doing!
fat
PLEASE, MORE GAMES, Also SHINE GET
Doing my part to break a record.
Hey All, Yetee Glen here. I don't have any more shirt money, but I'm happy to throw my own to see that BLESSED SM64 Race. Please guys. We can do this, you gotta believe!
Super Mario RPG is one of the few RPGs I've ever played, and now you guys are making me super nostalgic for my childhood.
Oh my god! They Killed Geno!
I remember when this event was like 15 dudes in a basement and they raised like 9 grand. Even back then you could feel the magic of the event. I as with many others anticipate every GDQ. They're very special and words do little to describe the gravity around them. Gdq is my Super Bowl. Mario Rpg is my favorite game, thank you all for everything. MARIO 64 HYPE!
This is the last of my donation funds! Here's to an awesome SMRPG run and to the SM64 race! 
SGDQ has been amazing this year, and this SMRPG has been insane! Congrats to all the runners, and big thanks to the staff and volunteers at SGDQ. You all do something so nobel by showing your love for going fast in games. 

This is for SM64 race, and to beat SGDQ2015! :D
I donated 5 dollars for the mine cart time, but I got a freebie! So I'm donating five bucks again. SM64 HYPE!
OLD MAN RIVER
Just doing my part in this, despite how small it may be. Here's to everyone at the event and for such a fun and interesting week. And here's to that bonus incentive.
if 100,000 viewers donate 12.50 each, we can double all the money we raised!
Someone mentioned something about pie and someone eating mine so here's a cool twenty to make sure this guy has a good night...
64 4 64
To all working behinde and in front of the screens. Thank you! Just thank you! Been the best week  like every gdq week. Never stop doing what you do! Love from Norway!
here's hoping we can reach that final SM64 incentive
@Iateyourpie Deal
I have to give something for having spent more than 100 hours before my computer watching the stream. I can't afford much, but it is my thank you for that week that I waited 6 months for.
Old Man River!!! 
It's not much, but here's hoping we get that bonus Mario 64 race!
This is probably my favorite RPG of all time, and one of my favorite Mario games. Thanks to all the runners this week and the crew!
Hot diggity, let's break that record and get some delicious pie going!
It's the final push! Can't wait for Super Waluigi 64! WAH!
 IF 1/15th OF TWITCH CHAT DONATES $5 right now, We'll reach the GOAL!!!  
Old Man River
Great cause, great people running, and SMRPG is the best game EVER!  Thank you all for a great weekend, let's get that speed run!
I have been watching GDQ since 2014 when i stumbled upon it on twitch, i was blown away and have watched every event since. It is about time that i donated as i am finally done university and actually have some money to put towards the cause. Thank you all for putting on such an amazing show.
Those jumps are incredible. Thanks for destroying my favorite SNES game. Thanks to all the amazing people  who put this wonderful event on each year.
I'm a vegan so don't tell anybody I said... I'm glad the animals died. M64 race hype!
i didn't want to sleep anyways. Here's to ONE MORE GAME!! Thanks all runners for amazing content for the week and everyone else in the background. 
Happy to donate during the most memorable game of my childhood. Keep it up everyone; let's reach the goal tonight!
Let's get the race!
Why does a golfer wear 2 pairs of pants?

In case he gets a HOLE IN ONE!
Axem fight destroyed me as a kid, good to see a but of payback! Thanks Lack! 
Come on guys, if even 10% of chat donated $5, we could BLOW past the final donation incentive!
I absolutely loved Super Mario RPG as a kid, and I was so excited to grab it on my WiiU last week. Here is $5 so that not only do we get more games, but we get more viewers, therefore more donations towards a spectacular cause. Can we get some HYPE in the Showroom?!?!
If everyone in chat donates 5 dollars, we'll make it ezpz
This week has been incredible and the cause is amazing! Way to go!
No way we're not getting that race ! Everybody ask for your mom's credit card and donate. Waluigi counts on you.
I remember back in the late 1900s when I first played Super Mario 64 myself.  It was a special time back then.  You could go outside at night and leave your doors unlocked.  But you didn't.  Because you were playing Super Mario 64.  SM64 HYPE!
Been watching SGDQ with my 1 year old daughter who always stops to applaud the speedrunners along with the crowd. Thanks for doing this and being wizards!
Hey, This stream's better good!
Here's to seeing the 70 star race, also shoutouts to Caleb who sat next to me in 9th grade math class!!!
Quick! Everyone donate $5!
Keep it up ; great run so far! I've learned so much so far.
Let's a go.
Break the record!
Mallow became a tadpole as a result of GENO-tic experimentation!
Here's to the end of a great SGDQ
I'm doing my part !
Sorry guys, I thought Super Mario Maker was the best Mario game this marathon... but I'm still open to be convinced...
save the encore!  
Husband and I have been watching all week.  Thank you for the solid entertainment.
We can do this! Waaaaaa!
WHERE IS MY SUPER SUIT?
Super jump time? Hold on to your butts.

Thanks for all the amazing runs, here's to Super Mario 64!
HYPE!!!
butts
love SMRPG, wish i could pull off the super jump... maybe someday! 15 for doctors without borders that helped out when cholera was brought to haiti and other emergencies around world
SMRPG was an incredibly formative game for me, and I'm thrilled to see it close out the marathon.  Take it home!
The Crab Master demands an SM64 race! Donate away my loyal crab minions!
I've enjoyed having SGDQ on my TV all week long.  I'm gonna miss it once it's over!  Hopefully I can hold it until January.
Excited to see one of my favorite games being played. Keep up the good work!
Thanks for this amazingly unique fund raiser.  It is great to see the gaming community come together and give so much for an important cause!
moar
Come on chat, only 5$ each!
I recently became a father, but I've yet to meet my son because of borders, so here's to keeping these doctors borderless!
WAAAAAAAAAH-N MORE GAME
We must beat SGDQ2015.
awwww yeah baby oh hell yeah
Let's do this! M64 hype!
SM 64 HYPE
SIGLEMIIIIIIC
Come on guys lets do this. Super Mario 64 hype
Gotta get that SM64, My all time favorite game to watch being speedrun. HYYYYYYYYPEEEEE!
come on guys i dont want this amazing stream to end. If everyone donates $5.00 we will make it.
This is a great event for a great cause! Keep up the good work!
hi
greetings from germany
thx for this nice event :)
!czar
Hey Iateyourpie,

Sooooo, Risk 2 speed run next year am I right?
been watching off and on all week but couldn't EVER miss SMRPG - my childhood. finally getting a chance to donate, right at the very end...let's get that SM64 race!
2nd time watching first time donating.  Here's to extending SGDQ for ONE MORE GAME!
Doubt I'll be awake for it, but here's $64 to put towards SM64!
Thank you all for another great week. Love watching Lack crush this SMRPG run! GO GENO!!
SM64 let's go!
First GDQ I've watched live and I'm not ready to see it done yet. Let's see that SM64 race!
I'm helping
What a great week of watching all these great runners speed run great games for a great cause. Good luck lackattack for the rest of your run. 
I meant to donate 200 lol
Can't let SGDQ end without that star race!  I've seen way too many games I want to start running this year.  Thanks for the awesome event for a good cause.
Let's go!
I've been so busy all week that I've missed watching live all the runs I was looking forward to. Well at least I managed to be there for the best run of the year: Bonesaw's totally completely clean jak & daxter run. Thanks to all the runners this week! AGDQ can't come soon enough.
Let's make this Mario 64 race a reality. ONE MORE GAME.
With over 100,000 people watching if we all donate the minimum 5$ We'll meet the incentive and smash previous GDQ records!  Come on guys, lets do this!  Mario 64 HYPE!
Thank you SGDQ  for making such a great event, and thank you chat for making it the best event
I don't want to go to bed tonight 
SM64
LETS GO SUPER MARIO 64 COMMON BOYS!!!!!!
SM64 Hype!
If even 10% of the people viewing donate the minimum $5 we would have that Mario race met.  Let's get it done guys!
I can throw another 10 towards the goal of passing last time.  This is an awesome game, and an awesome cause.
Yay speedrunning
As a great harrier of space once said in the arcade, our collective response to meeting this Mario run will be "Ahhhhhh."
If everyone watching on twitch donated 50 cents we'd get SM64 in the bag
Shoutout to the Vinesauce community! This whole week has been a blast, let's keep it going just a bit longer with Super Mario 64!
We've killed the animals in Super Metroid, now let's kill our sleep schedules. Super Mario 64 race HYPE!!!
When are you guys gonna speedrun Overwatch or Pokemon GO?
Put towards SM64!
Just doing my part! 5 bucks each
Thanks for a great event for a great charity! This is the first GDQ I was able to catch live, and I loved the runs I was able to watch. 
Super Mario RPG was the first game that I read the Nintendo Power guide for. Good luck going forward Lack, and here's hoping the RNG gods are kind
This is for the SM64 race. Go Cheese05!
I want this to go towards killing the tank head and saving the frames... pls no safe head. And pls one more mario game with no charades and more itsa me!

Glhf on the rest of the run lack.
Hi
Been watching since 2012! I love it every year! Thanks for all that you do!  Shout outs to the awesome person watching this with me. Hey Erika!
Love me some GDQ's. Let's see that SM64 race. Shout outs to my boys Biinny and Pearstrike.
MARIO 64 HYPE
ONE MORE GAME
Last donation to help get us the Mario64 race! 
1 more game!
1 more game!
1 more game!

First time watching..  GDQ was amazing. I don't have much, but I'm just trying to do my part.
Great Event :D! towards the SM64 race/run Pls. go Cheese! :) 
Figured I should do my part, however small, to try and reach the goal for SM64. Best of luck for the rest of the run!
Let's make it happen. 
SM64 HYPE
Hey everyone, great marathon. Just doing my part to help us get that goal. Rock on.
Wubwubwub
WHY HAVE I NEVER PLAYED THIS GAME BEFORE
Awesome job everybody. I watch every GDQ for as long as I can. Truly the highlight of my year. 
Why do you all hate me?
Thanks for the fantastic entertainment. First time donating. Looking forward to this for months.
Love watching this evil geniuse play this game. Can't wait to watch him speed run past secret challenges and win international fame.
Third and final donation of the entire run, but I just wanted to let chat know that if everyone watching now donates 50 cents, we will meet the SM64 incentive easily.  You know you want to see this.  Don't let your dreams be dreams.  So go find two quarters and just do it!
Making sure I do my part to show thanks for the great week of entertainment and charity. Thanks all! 
Let's see that SM64 afterparty race! Thanks for a great week. Let's continue to save those frames!
Let's go and beat last year's record!  If everyone viewing the stream donates 5 dollars now we'd race past that record.  Here's to another great GDQ
Events like this are truly what make the video game community an awesome one to be a part of.  Keep up the awesome work everyone. And as always, save the animals. 
Had to donate to hopefully get the bonus run. Moo.
Did someone say DOUBLE MARIO?!?
You guys are vidja game gods. Thanks for an enjoyable evening of watching you rock one of my favorite games of all time.
Super Mario RPG is my favorite game of all time.  Thank you for showing off some cool stuff, and looking forward to the end of the run- Smitty's boss song is the best!
Everyone get in your $5 quickly!!!
I gave my five. Let's go people!
I went to the store for bread and milk. 2 hours later, I came back with bread, Doritos, Hot Pockets, Gatorade, 2 Digletts, a Goldeen, 12 Pidgeys, cookies, cereal... and no milk. #PokemonGO ; Oh well, here's the money I saved on milk. ONE MORE GAME!
Dope games and runners and supporting a good cause? how can i not donate 
this entire event has been amazing and I have loved every part of it.
Donating for a good cause and to see that SM64 race. P.S. Cats.
Great marathon yet again. Love the positivity. Love the continued massive support. Let's keep those super jumps going through and into SM64, woo!
One dollar per person watching and we're running Super Mario 64.

Can I get some HYPE!?
Happy to donate to great games and a good cause.  Keep up the good work SGDQ and lets see some SM64.
more mario!
Shoutouts to one of the best old school RPGs ever. GDQ is a great event, and I hope to attend one day.
SMRPG is cool
It's been an amazing SDGQ this week and I think I'd like to see it go on a little bit longer, so here's another $25 towards the 70 Star Super Mario 64 run! Everyone's done an amazing job this week, so can I get a Mario "WAHOO" from the crowd for all those lovely people who have put this great event together?
If everyone watching on Twitch donates 50 cents, we can make it! Come on one more game!
Been watching for a few years, finally have some spare cash to donate, thanks to all the runners and everyone involved, you guys are the best!
I want mario 64! shouts out to based world
How many of you in the live audience are playing Pokemon Go? Can you catch an SM64 for us?
The games will never stop. The games will never stop.
(Song)
Goomba: Hey, have you heard about that Mario guy?
Koopa: Him? You mean?
Goomba: Yea, the one with the mushrooms
Koopa: Yea!
Goomba: You know, the one jumping around in the forest
Koopa: Yea, yea, I know him, I know him
Goomba: Yes? Okay, hey check it out!

Super Mario RPG
It is the only one just for me
When I play the game, I get lost in a phase
Then I find out I'm stuck in Geno's Maze
I love Princess Peach.
You rule
Your cause rules
This event rules. 
Thank you for everything you do! 
Too broke to donate anything else l m a o
LET'S END ON ONE MORE MARIO GAME! WE CAN DO IT!
I BELIEVE
Hey Lack!  Been enjoying the Super Mario RPG Run and the amazing Couch Commentary. 

Quick shout outs to all the people that work behind the scenes to put on this awesome event.  

Thank you again from SolidFrog and the RGLTV Community!
<3
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Let's get that SM64 run!
Thanks for the awesome week. As always it was a blast.
Good luck with the run, Lack Attack! I wish I was there to cheer you on! Shout out to Skybilz, Authorblues, Jkoper, Xarnax, Iceburg, Johncarls, Ordius and all the others I met last year.  I'm there in spirit and hope to toast to a sub- 3 hour run!
Are we really going to let this GDQ go by without a Mario 64 run people? Let's do it!
Donating because one of my friends predicted the casting of Danny DeVito for the Super Mario RPG movie.
SM64 GO!
As always great event, great cause. Hope we get one last game!
Can I put this toward killing the animals at the next SGDQ?
Here's to one m ore game.  Looks like I'm not sleeping for a while tonight.
It's not much, but anything counts! Loving the SM:RPG run! The nostalgia is REAL.
Busy day, but I made it back just in time to get my donation in! The runs this week have been awesome, love GDQ!

So here's 50 for an amazing organization, and to GDQ's continued growth and success. And 1 million hype!

Now to go watch the videos of the runs I missed.
Sav da aminals
Let's see those 70 stars!
I was so happy to see that Super Mario RPG main-evented over an amazing game like Super Metroid.  Let's break 2015's total and get that 70-star run!

Thanks for a great SGDQ!
One last donation. Thanks to all of the runners and the GDQ staff!
Hey guys, 10$ donation as I lost a wager in playing Pokemon Stadium.  Keep up the good games and let's finish the event strong!
Lets get that bonus mario run going so we can get more time to raise more money for doctors without borders

we've broken games, killed animals, and even lost slivers of our sanity so lets keep the magic going

Announcer please say LETS-A-GO in your best Mario voice
What did Mario say to Princess Peach when they broke up? It's not you....It's a-me, Mario!!
Football will always be my main game but I'm starting to like this Super Mario RPG stuff too
Just woke up to catch the end of the last day of SGQD. Thanks for this week's entertainment, and for everything that you all do!
Runners choice. Love to all.
Super Mario RPG is my favorite speed run to watch! Thanks so much to all the organizers and runners. This event makes me so proud to be a total geek. 
This is my last donation of the marathon so I tried to make it a good one. I call on all game players of noble spirit to dig deep and do what we do best:

BEAT. THE. HIGH. SCORE.

Make that race happen, people. #OneMoreGame
[FR] What a great final run ! Wait... Final run ??? Noooo ! 
We want a SM64 final run ! Let's gooo !
And thanks for that SGDQ, so much awesome runs and races !
Keep it up ! 

Another wonderful marathon comes to a close! Thank you to the staff for such a great event and thank you to all the donors for raising so much for a fantastic cause! Until AGDQ everyone!
I loved this game so much when I was a kid that I made a pillow of Geno's face.

Let's see that 70 star race!
I'm starting to get nervous about the 70 star, let's make it happen!
My second favourite game on Snes and you ran ffvi already, so gotta donate. Let's try to get that Mario 64 race!! 70 star HYPE
I was considering whether or not to donate, but if Cheese is there, there's no way I can let the opportunity pass to see this race. Let's roll.
C'mon! Let's break the record. We can do it!  Oh, and save the animals!?
Mario, why-a wouldn't you-a take-a your brother for this adventure?
Well done SGDQ 2016!
super Mario 64 please
$64 dollars to get the SM64 run! I challenge 999 more people to do the same, don't let us fall short!
Love all that you do. Making the world a better place one frame at a time!
This is my first GDQ where I stuck around to watch more than a run or two. It's been a pretty fun week, sad to see it come to an end. Good job to all the runners :) 
Good luck Lack!
Give til it hurts...the animals
Finally donating after watching for a few years. Love the speed running community, keep plowing through these video games.
Super Mario RPG is a good way to round out an awesome week of speed running. But you know what would be a better way to end it? SUPER MARIO 64!!! Good luck to LackAttack on his run and  a big thanks to all of the GDQ crew for a job well done.
Super Mario RPG is one of those games that I just never quite finish. Good to watch the parts I missed in under 4 hours. 
I love Shy Guys! Oyasumi nasai!
Woot super mario 64
Hey guys couldnt donate sooner but im glad i could now. always happy to donate since i found out about this awesome charity 2 years ago. i wanna give a shout out to all those who run games and donate and hope this charity never ends
Let's keep nostalgia train running and help out a great cause guys. 1 more game hyyyype
Love this event and have been watching for a couple years, first time donating though. Here's to the hope of that one extra game!
Super Mario 64 pls
I already donated for the event, but I'll thow another donation in for my first ever RPG game!
Thanks for all of the amazing runs. I look forward to both events every year. Hi from Germany.
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAne more game!
I need not sleep
figured i should just donate ahead of any other challenges, good rng or 100 super jump. ONE MORE GAME HYPE
We need to unlock the Super Mario 64 race just so we can see how fast everyone can complete the secret slide!
Thank you GDQ, for everything. Let's see a 70 star race.
Awesome week, let's beat our PB and get Mario 64!

Also, shout out the awesome crowd who are still going strong.

ONE MORE.  WAAAAAAAAAAAA.  HYEEEPE.
Might as well get this intended donation in.
Bust that record.
I have been glued to SGDQ all week. Thank you so much for putting on an amazing stream for a great cause.
I donated $20 earlier  this week and I needed to add even more. I think Super Mario RPG has a special place in my heart. I'm super happy to be watching this. Thanks to all the runners and everyone else who volunteered and participated at the gdq!! Give me a WAAAH Everyone!
GDQ makes me so proud to be a part of the gaming community. Look how much good we can do! I've been watching all week, and I had to donate again to help push for Mario 64. Thanks to everyone involved; you should be so proud of what you're doing. Much love to my GT chat and Easy Allies friends! <3 
We're in that "if everyone watching gives a dollar..." range.  Let's make it happen people!
Doing what I can for SM64. Come on, everyone, please make it happen!
Need to see that SMB 64 race.
waaahhh need more mario!!!
First time donating, GDQ has seen me through some tough times.  Thanks for all you do!  :D
Just want to thank everybody that takes part in GDQ. I've been watching for about 4 years now and its always a great time. Money goes towards SM64 race.
Although small, I had to donate before the end of the event. I encourage everyone watching to do the same!
We're so close! Let's bust that donation we made back in 2015 wide open! Keep it up Lack! GDQ HYPE!
Always look forward to GDQ, keeps me entertained for an entire week, then I get to watch the VODS for everything I missed. I appreciate all the dedication and hardwork that all these speedrunners put in and all the effort that goes in for this Charity event is awesome! Keep up the good work guys and I'll keep watching!
Shoutout to all the great runners who've made this event fun, shoutout to lack, good luck on sub 3 hours, and shoutout to sarah! Here's to seeing that mario 64 run!
All was peaceful in the Mushroom Kingdom until Smithy the sword shattered the Star Road! Wow!! So with his old enemy Bowser and a marshmallow who throws lightning, HAHAHAHA, Mario fought evil wedding cakes, and killer Venus Fly Traps, and recovered the 7 STARRRRSSSS!!!
 Great cause, great runs, I don't want it to end, let's beat last year's mark!  We need MORE MARIO! IN 64 BITS!
SMRPG was the first speedrun I saw at pie's stream,  and it's introduced me to the GDQ's and speedrunner's community that I've come to enjoy the company of. Glad to donate for a good cause. Rest in peace Mallow Route pieBleThump.
It'll be my 5th donation of the marathon, but I CAN'T miss an SM64 race. Let's meet that incentive so no one has to cry ~WAAHH~
